How is this movie in IMAX gonna watch it Tomorrow
Is this shit worth watching?
"I really wanna know ,, what song this soundtrack movie ? 
tell mr please ,,, I'm very really like this song ."
Mate, Idris Elba was born to play this role.
"After seeing the movie,am I the only one who can picture Liam Nesson as Ben 
Kingsley's character?"
"BEST photorealistic CGI movie of all time.. it makes you laugh, cry, and 
hold on to the edge of your seat... OSCAR worthy for sure!"
The graphics are breathtaking
"I cried my face off through the second half of this film from the ache of 
innocence lost."
"So. They messed up Kaa in their last version and made up for it with a 
horrifying beast
in this one. Well played, Disney. Well played."
So... Who wants The Lion King Live Action Movie?
good show best
tarzaaaaaaaaaaan
"I have seen the movie yesterday and kust came here to say it was 
wonderfull. 3D is really good performed"
Seruuuu bangettt
Seruuuu bangettt
This movie is amazing
Will be a blockbuster guarantee!
"WATCH_Barbershop: The Next Cut fULLMoViE just clik th MovieIn(
http://snip.ly/udag1) ]]"
It's been a long time since I've been hyped to watch a movie.
"It's a perfect example of what happens when not only money, but love and 
care is thrown in spades at an adaptation. 10/10

I'm only disappointed that they cast Scarlet Johansson instead of a real 
snake."
Just saw the movie yesterday and it's just a amazing movie, a great movie.
"Just saw this movie today and I really loved it. Won't say more than that 
since I don't want to give spoilers :)"
chung nao phim moi c bn chnh thc 2016 trn youtobe z m.n
"have seen it on imax..wow what an amazing movie esp the world and animals 
they created using only cgi...one of da best"
I like this movie and I have never see like this movie ever
Who else wants this version of THE LION KING? I know I do, and SO BAD.
"I like this.. 
Love jungle, dont distrube jungle Borneo Indonesian"
priyanka 's voice better than scarlets
prepare for an oscar, #rated100%byrottentomatoes
hay qu! kim ngay b tiu thuyt ny lun.
"*...**THE JUNGLE BOOK ((2016)) FULL FILM HD*
*Watch Now* : https://plus.google.com/+SabrinaKone/posts/9oZ9c18u2BE"
"i just came back from watching this film here in the u.k.

i cannot see what the big deal is, and why all you americans are praising 
it to the roof and every single youtube review guy thinks its the most 
awesome film ever.

iam sorry to say , it is not that great. i found it lame and boring as if i 
was watching a tv movie. average at best. 
and the boy who plays mowgli looks like a fuckin girl all throughout the 
film ! very annoying.

most british people here have the same opinion about the film as me. we can 
tell the difference between a good film and a bad film. 

what is it with you americans and your fascination with all things dumb, 
stupid and absurd. you seem to praise and hail all things dumb - and dont 
like anything good or normal. first there was george bush, donald trump, 
jennifer lawrence, and now jungle book.

there are far more awesome films out there than this one. this film is NOT 
that awesome. 

GET A LIFE."
omg
" Exclusive! *""The Jungle Book""* 2016 Movie Available now in FULL HD Quality
Play now : https://plus.google.com/+AeronaEsterRuffino/posts/2KUQgnJS9Gp"
"Just watched This Movie and Damn Its a Good one!! this washed my mouth 
after watching BVS Buy they fucked up with Kaa like i'm cool with Kaa being 
a female but they should've picked someone else not Scarlett she just 
didn't seem fit but still great fucking movie. 9/10"
i watched this morning. So grate
tuve la fortuna de verla a hora
"Wow. Disney has outdone itself. We can't believe that JUNGLE BOOK actually 
outdid the latest CINDERLLA and MALIFICENT (which we thought were the best 
in a decade). We did not think that Disney could do better the the previous 
blockbusters... but we were very glad that Disney DID an even more 
brilliant job."
my granddaughter really wants to see it.
This movie is good
"I just got back from seeing this! Totally awesome, I loved every second of 
it.
One question I had...
*SPOILERS*





Why didn't they use the full songs? Just when I was getting into it and 
singing along (mostly in my head), something would happen and it was 
over..."
"Is this the first Hollywood movie based off of India? Like this used to be 
an Indian cartoon everybody! Baloo means Bear in Hindi. Raksha means safe, 
or savior. Shere means tiger, and Khan is just an Indian-Pakistani last 
name.Plus, the main actor is Indian, and this movie took place in the 
Indian Jungle. But damn, they kinda fucked up the movie by turning Kaa into 
a female, and the characters not pronouncing the names wrong. I mean it's 
not ""Akeeeela"", it's Akela(lonely, alone). Simple as that."
"People don't know HOW MUCH I LIKED THIS MOVIE TODAY!!!! I was already super 
excited about watching this. As an Indian early 2000's kid, I was obsessed 
with the Indian cartoon of Mowgli and The Jungle Book. When I lived in 
India, I was obsessed with cartoon so much. Especially that theme song. If 
you're Indian, and didn't watch Mowgli, you were not a true Indian child."
"OMG very nice movie. loved all the animals and the little boy. it was just 
like the cartoon version. saw it yesterday in cinema going to see it again 
after 1 week in 3D IMAX."
"I personally loved the movie. Saw it yesterday with family. I honestly love 
the voice actors and music. I do think it needs a bit of improvement on 
plot structure but aside from that I thought it came out fantastic. :)"
"Watched this movie today! IT was very breathtaking and insane worth a watch 
:)"
"*I watched The Jungle Book,, here*
https://plus.google.com/+HomeBoxOfficeTMHD/posts/i2ZWCp5UXuo"
And people thought scarlet Johanson would ruin the movie
"I'm taking my daughter to see it today! we're excited about seeing this in 
3D! it looks like its gonna be a beautiful movie! the jungle...its so 
beautiful!"
I love this it's amazing that's goes to show DONT KILL WILDLIFE PEOPLE!
"Just watched it.. Its a great movie..!! Must watch!!! The graphics, the 
sound effects and all the characters' voices are all good and suiting each 
character."
I saw this movie yesterday when it premiered in England - it's amazing !!!!
I have watched this, and it was amazing!!!!!!
"*PLAYNOW* *The Jungle Book (2016)* full movie *HD* 
https://plus.google.com/+EmilyGracie/posts/XLeB63PwAw4"
this movie brings back the childhood of indians born in the late 19's
"Wow, the first trailer I've seen of The Jungle Book, and when I saw it, I 
was so hyped. Then I saw it tonight, and they did not disappoint. That 
movie was amazing."
"*Watch Here Play Now* : 
https://plus.google.com/+SabrinaKone/posts/9oZ9c18u2BE
The Jungle Book 2016"
the best movie in the us
i see the movie in varberg sweden
"are you alone out here.. what are you doing so deep in the jungle.."
I love animals. This is like Heaven to me. I constantly visit the Bronx zoo
Awesome
TPAT WHAT TIMES DO IT STAR
why can't bagheera beet sheer khan
"the cgi is so good this movies a treat for your eyes, just watched it 
couldn't be better"
At https://plus.google.com/102973496143869177663/posts/4gxopXZAqUh
I just watched this movie in 3d today and it was AWESOME!!! LOVED IT!
What the.. The trailer looks stupid...
Wooooooooo
"When I first saw the trailer in an add i really enjoyed the female Kaa, I 
didn't knew why but the voice was just perfect, then i noticed it was 
Scarlett Johanson and everything made sense"
"*PLAYNOW* *The Jungle Book (2016)* full movie *HD* 
https://plus.google.com/+EmilyGracie/posts/XLeB63PwAw4"
i want to put all those 4k people in front of sher khan..XD
"everyone is saying that the woman who gave voice to kaa is a bad choice but 
i m happy cause the woman who is giving voice in hindi is priyanka chopda 
who is best choice"
"I don't get it it's a movie and they call it the jungle BOOK! ITS A 
FRICKING MOVIE!!!!!! NOT A BOOK!!!!!"
Woooo! Having a 4DX 3D Experience of this one... Tomorrow!
The Jungle Book 1994 > The Jungle Book 2016
I am going to see the movie when it comes out.
jungle jungle pata chala h chadi pehenke phool khilah
"*spoiler* :P
Please stop fighting over Kaa's voiceover. Whatever you have watched/heard 
in trailer from Kaa, it's that much only in the movie. :P"
" Let your fears go, and trussst me. " CHILLS!!!!
i agree with harobed
Why does the horse-face play Kaa? Shouldn't she play... a horse?
Looks awful
"Oh no... One character was changed to a female now the whole movie is 
ruined!! Please people. Get over it. YOU people are ruining the movie."
"The Jungle Book Movie Available in hd & full hd quality
Stream now at : https://plus.google.com/+KatieBrooklynJenz/posts/WzXXQJy3fss
"
Indian story 
"CAN I JUST SAY HOW HAPPY I AM TO SEE DISNEY REMAKING CLASSICS ITS LIKE THE 
NEW ERA OF THE CLASSICS THAT GIVE YOU THE MELANCHOLY NOSTALGIC FEELING 
THANK YOU DISNEYYYYYYY"
"I don't know why it is an issue to a lot about Kaa being voiced by a female 
(Scarlett Johannson specifically). I mean, the character's personality is 
still the same, right? A villain that tries to lure the boy in a trap by 
making him feel safe around her. And its actually even better, with the 
voice that makes it sound lovingly and yet creepily and how it shows more 
suspense to the movie. So it doesn't matter whether what is the gender of 
the character, what matters is its personality."
idk but it gives me feeling of jurassic park
I LIKE MOVIE WAY CAN SEE THE MOVIE
This got a 100 percent on rotten tomatoes o-0
the is no fucking information about music in this trailer
This movie sucked so hard
"This movie was so mainstream and generic. This movie was worse than shit. I 
really hope Disney learns something form Warner Bros. and does better story 
lines. NOT WORTH GOING."
The kid jumps for his life about 4 times in this trailer.
"*PLAYNOW* *The Jungle Book (2016)* full movie *HD* 
https://plus.google.com/+EmilyGracie/posts/XLeB63PwAw4"
"I'm having a hard time imagining the dichotomy of this big epic action film 
with happy-go-lucky singing. I am not a fan of hearing Scarlett Johansson 
throughout this trailer. It sounds like Her 2: Jungle Edition. She's got a 
unique voice so it's hard not to imagine her face when I hear it. Also, it 
seems like all she's done to make it ""snakey"" is elongate the s sounds 
slightly... Kinda lame."
I'm so excited to see it

One of the best movies you will ever see. A visual delight.

"I hate the use of ridiculous CGI. Disney has dumbed down another film.
The magical movie ""Jungle Book"" was made in 1942 with Sabu.

The older Jungle book was Wonderful to watch and not insulting to your 
intelligence."

"Forget about your worries and your strife because this latest Disney 
reimagining is beyond AWESOME! 
By far the greatest of all Disney ""animated to live action"" reimaginings! 5 
stars!  I enjoyed every scene! Worth the ticket!

NO SPOILER

1. The opening logo made me tear up a bit. You'll see a bit different 
Disney logo. I don't know why, but it made me tear. 
2. The visual effects is superb and well-crafted. From the animals to the 
grand jungle set. A true visual feast that is totally ahead of its time. 
99% of the film is CGI.
3. Great voice cast. Love Baloo and Bagheera
4. It has that fairy tale Disney feel
5. Neel Sethi (Mowgli) brought so much charm in the movie. He is 
captivating. What a great actor he is! 
6. It has Bare Necessities and I Wanna be Like You.
7. Love the musical score
8. End Credits is amazing. Watch out for it. I won't spoil. Disney fans 
will love it. It's a true tribute to the classic Disney.
9. The movie has a big heart. Perfect family movie.
10.TRUE MASTERPIECE!"

what is the name of music trailer

I'll keep you clossssssssssssssssssssssssssssssee !!!!!!!!!!!!

super movie

and so beautiful boy

goodluck NEEL sethi

best movie I have watched recently..........

"wonder if they pronounced the name Mowgli correctly this time. . . 
According to Kipling it is MOW as in COW. Guess we'll see whether they do 
the historic research or simply stick with the cartoon version because it 
is ""disney correct"" meaning consistent with past mistakes."

not good

"Hell Yeah!!! 21st century kid will never know this.. 90s Kid Way To Go.. 
loved the trailer :D"

i guess gonna be awesome

i have a strong feeling it's going to be terrible

A must must watch!!!

"just a Satan Inspired film glory fy ing The snake in garden of Eden similar 
go Kaa Disney is just a Devils workshop"

I don't care what anyone says, I'M GOING TO SEE THIS MOVIE.

hmmm interesting.. i might watch this just for the fun of it...

I feel sorry for the grizzly bear ... he must hate the heat.

"I'm I the only one here that wants to see this because of the book, not the 
old movie?"

Is this the prequel to life of pi.

Soooo excited to watch this in theaters!!!

"Scarlett Johansson voice as KAA is mind blowing choice. She sound exaclty 
like python"

mowgli whups tarzans ass pretty easily at the box office

this movie is best

It is basicly like Tarzan

"I had the chance to catch it at an early press screening and it was 
fantastic! Check out my review if you like! :)"

"I'm not prepared for this emotion. I can't!! OMG.... Mogli is ma best tale 
ever.... <3"

Really good CG but not likes animal do I..

Damnnnnnn

There is a from that boys eyes and the snake maybe ate him???

"First off, Mowgli is suppose to be Indian and always has been because the 
book had it originally in INDIA duh?
And 2nd, Kaa is supposed to be male and wise. Disney failed once and 
they're failing AGAIN?! Why can't they ever get Kaa right??? Damn it!"

"I hate that Kaa's a girl now. -_- why change it? It's stupid. Kaa was my 
favorite in the book and I hated him being a villain but I hate it even 
more if they make him a female villain like wtf? Ruined my excitment for 
this movie. Stop changing genders, it's sexist and unfair to the fans who 
care about origins."

"I think both this and Pete's Dragon look good but they both look super 
serious. I hope they're still have that Disney fun and magic factor because 
right now I'm not seeing it."

9898629055

"Guys I understand your concern about the characters skin colour 
but......LETS NOT LIVE OUR LIFE BIENG A COLOUR"

Cool

"Another live-action version of a classic Disney animated film with CGI 
thrown in."

this is an absolute classic, i cant wait for this.

looks OK

"*I watched ""The Jungle Book"" [FULLMOVIE] here*
https://plus.google.com/+HomeBoxOfficeTMHD/posts/i2ZWCp5UXuo"

Trust in meeee. I love the way it was spoken

ATTACK OF THE MONKEYS ! 1:17

Why is the orangutan a giant? He was normal sized in the animated cartoon.

i cant wait and i dont care what color the kid is.

i cant wait and i dont care what color the kid is.

i cant wait and i dont care what color the kid is !HOW DUMB ...

"Where the hell did Mowgli get these beautiful orange pants when he was 
raised by animals?"

Cheers Scarlett, first I wanted to fuck an OS, now I want to fuck a snake.

such a bad movie

This movies gonna be great

Wut

ugly voice '--'

"Wow, look at all that 
young-boy-running-away-from-things-and-jumping-just-in-the-knick-of-time-ing!"

"Does the generic movie trailer music have to be used in every one of these 
things? It's just silly at this point."

Scarlett's voice is so precious 

"i have watched this movie but in animation and i am excited to watch in 
real graphics"

"I got chills when he whistled the tune at the end. Dammit, I can't wait to 
watch this!"

Used to be my favorite show during my childhood...Eagerly waiting to watch.

THERE IS HOPE FOR THE WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!

"Looks awesome, this movie. Watch it definitely, I will.Kaa is lady, why? 
Expect that, I didn't."

please be good, please be good, please be good, please be good

I'm so excited :)

chef

Was that the side burn song towards the end?

this looks awesome

Where are the vultures

they changed kaa into ki u know what i mean 

"This is a real story!! 
There was a child who grown up with animals in the jungle"

"It's natural to be critical when they remake a classic such as The Jungle 
Book but lets face it, this looks pretty god damn good."

not once u show mowgli's face properly! WTF

Americans are so ignorant despite having internet its hysterical

"It has to be Indian boy, coz the book writer was born in India. Story based 
on MP jungle- all Indian names...btw it's bhaloo no baloo."

Tarzan> Jungle Book

"The part where sheer khan smacks bagheera makes me cringe. There's 
definitely bone crushing sound effects going on in there"

is Aladdin next?

"family drama and a decent watch *The Jungle Book* *HD*
https://plus.google.com/+EmilyGracie/posts/XLeB63PwAw4"

where is the full movie

i honestly thought this was gonna be stupid but this looks entertaining

"I hope Disney is going to make movies about snow white,the little mermaid 
and Peter pan,its going to be great"

Himalayan brown bear and boa

Most Awaited Movie of the Year 2016

is it in 2017or 2016

Priyanka Chopra's voice sounds better as Kaa in the Hindi dubbed version!

IM SOOOOOO EXITED

this movie is going to be amazing

"SJXJJFJNDIXSSJKDKKDKKSKSKSKS
AAHHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAH

And this is my reaction to this trailer."

I'm most watching it

Love the ending x3 whistles the song just love it :D

"*The Jungle Book* Full Movie
Watch now: https://plus.google.com/117162123551902258118/posts/N95cdSVsUMe"

"Original version Baloo is strict like Foghorn Leghorn, but not in a goofy 
way. He didn't tolerate negligence. Brown bear, but disney changed it up to 
sloth bear and a friendly guy."

"*The Jungle Book* Full Movie
Watch now: https://plus.google.com/117162123551902258118/posts/N95cdSVsUMe"

"The book was my childhood man ;-;
I'm so watching this.."

"1:22 Sharekhan has seen the Lion King, he's not going to repeat Mufasas 
mistake."

What's the name of the soundtrack used in this trailer?

"If you think for one minute that I'm gonna waste $20.00 on this shit, 
you're crazy."

"No matter how many times they make movies on The Jungle Book, I never get 
bored.Most people's childhood is not complete without this amazing piece of 
work."

Best part of the trailer 1:35

"(If) Ka says ""Poor, sweet little GIRL"" Since when Mowgli is a 
girl??????????????????"

"they couldn't get a man to do the snake voice? I mean if they are going for 
a serious tone, winnie the pooh might not sound too scary, but they 
couldn't get a dude? I hope this is just the narration."

"holy shitttt fuck off kids I'm gonna watch this! this is my fucking 
childhood!!"

"Funny how a lot of people forget that there already is a live action type 
movie called The Jungle Book. Dont believe me? 
http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/1057637-jungle_book/"

"Good Lord. Hearing that Jungle Book whistle at the end there put the 
biggest smile on my face."

"HYPEHYPEHYPEHYPE Wait... it's Disney reworking a classic...
THISISGONNABEFUCKINGAMAZINGORTRIPPYASSHITBUTEITHERWAYIWANNASEEITYES!!!!"

 

"Its a Indian Story, its a real story of Mogli(Name) which were found in 
seoni Nagpur Maharashtra.

The cartoon show was also telecast in 90's which was my fav show.

We are happy to see Mogli again on a big screen soon."

totally waiting for this movie

These guys really know how to make a trailer!

Still waiting for a live action TaleSpin movie!

Am I the only one who remembers the 1994 version?

This movie is gonna be awesome, I can't wait to watch it on my birthday. :D

THAT ORANGEANGTANG IS HUGE!

I love sher khan !

I can't wait!!!

when release the Jungle book new movie

45 Days!!

Wow the best movie I  seem . Good

"lol have a look at real jungle children raised by animals erm it's not like 
this and wouldn't make very good family entertainment. 
Kind of stunted and emaciated and rather sad.
Film looks very cool though and I cannot wait :)"

"o my god big snake goosebumps, is this human version of legend of tarzan 
cartoon series"

"1:27 thats king kongs second cousins half brothers uncle's wife's child' 
sister' best friends' dad and i want to see the snake eat the tiger at the 
end"

I like the snake he is a reptile :D

Im not a fan of mammals but this looks really good

"Couldn't Disney have saved this for next year for the 50th anniversary? 
That would've been better. Not hating, but still."

HUGE YEAR FOR DISNEY they better not fuck this up

"Why all the complaining about the ""Bear Necessities?"" He whistles it at the 
end."

"I adored the cartoon when I was younger and still do but.... I'm really 
really excited to see this new version. Not that it will replace the 
cartoon in any way, but rather a new take on it. :D the CGI alone is 
amazing looking."

This movie looks like the bomb

"One of the main reasons I want to watch this (and I hadn't thought about it 
until the title appeared at the end with the word 'Disney' before it) is 
because this movie (the animated one, I mean) is the last one in which Walt 
Disney worked on before passing away, I think he didn't make it to see the 
final product though.
I can't wait for it to be released!"

love it!

looks fantastic...so many memories with this one when i was a kid

I'm honestly seeing this because Scarlett Johansson is the voice of Kaa.

"They changed it from a sweet innocent musical movie to an action movie. I 
used to love that movie . Classic"

"Just can't wait for the movie, the cartoon had always fascinated me to see 
it on big screen would be just awesome"

"I love the snakes voice and I grew up watching this movie and I am so 
excited my childhood is a real life movie :D mogli is awesome"

cant wait to watch this

Totally makes sense, gigantic snakes and huge Gorillas

I LOVE her voice!!!!!

"kaa should not be a woman. not being sexist but he was originally a males 
voice"

I really wanna watch it 

so many memories... want to watch this so bad with my dad!

"why doesn't the leopard team up with the bear and the wolves and kick the 
tiger's ass and the snake's ass because they're evil"

remakes always suck . ruins the original

Bagheera is so beautiful!It looks really good..I will see this.

"MEH.. Going to pass on this one! Sorry Disney! Waiting for 'The Last of 
Us'."

Why are all the animals like 10 times bigger than they are suppose to be?

nice....,..........

'b

is that monkey supposed to be huge as fuck?

I didn't know that jungle book was an Indian boy's story.

where are the wolves ?

"Look for the bare necessities
The simple bare necessities
Forget about your worries and your strife
I mean the bare necessities
Old mother nature's recipes
That bring the bare necessities of life

Wherever I wander
Wherever I roam
I couldn't be fonder of my big home
The bees are buzzin' in the tree
To make some honey just for me
When you look under the rocks and plants
And take a glance at the fancy ants
Then maybe try a few

The bare necessities of life
Will come to you
They'll come to you!"

so they changed kaa into a girl

"This had better be good! And why'd they'd change Kaa's gender?! I'd 
preferred to see him as a He.."

Wow, Aziz Ansari is in everything these days, good for him. :)

"I just got the chills when Kaa said ""trust in me"" Damn Scarlett Johansson 
is awesome"

"Hello, if anyone is interested in *downloading the full album*
*in top quallity(384khz) The link is in the comment below*"

"Fuck off, favreau.

Kaa is male."

"s kt hp m thanh vi tit tu mnh phim to nn 1 trailer n tng ...n 
rt li cun. ng khm phc v hc hi ..
thank you <3"

"BALOO IS LIFE! Though I think he won't be AS playful looking. If Bill 
Murray tries to use a playful voice, it might send out the wrong vibes."

I'll see it, love these guys.

bear neccessities

indonesa

"Okay so let's make this clear. 

This movie is going to be watched by most ADULTS. 

What brands like Pokemon don't understand is that their original market are 
all grown up now and will support something for epic nostalgia. Pokemon 
never grew up.

This has! this looks awesome as."

@carlpickens you have to fill out surveys tho

"Welcome to India where the cows eat hay and we drive auto-rickshaws 
everyday, Goat-meat, we eat yummy sweets while monkeys roaming, mango 
juices and lassi, samosa crazy desis and little kids that are milking the 
bhainses.
Sweetest things to hit the States since Mango Chutney.
The roosters don't crow till five in the morning!
We use our fingers here to keep our teeth clear.
We keep the kundis shaking, you better trust me.
Rap maharaja, I don't work at 7-Eleven"

Wow I'm so excited !!

"*I think a new word needs to be invented for the English language.* Hear me 
out curious readers, you'll either educate me, or if I'm lucky you'll agree 
with me. 

So, what would you call that thing that happens at the end of this trailer 
where in an ""after credits"" type of scene, they give us a glimpse of Baloo 
whistling the classic *""Bare Necessities""* song? I'm not asking for you to 
describe it (i.e. floating on a river, etc), I'm saying, what is that type 
of moment called? Please, seriously think about it, I'd like to know. Is 
there a word for it? It's obviously instantly recognizable to us, and if 
you're like me, you thought, ""omg...they included that song, that's really, 
really cool!"" 

So what's that called? You might say, ""well, Im not quite sure what youre 
asking, and why this Youtube comment is so weird and long, but this is 
obviously a scene where the they included that classic song,"" or ""they're 
kind of redoing something from the past."" 
Well, first off, I said ""_word_,"" not a sentence to describe that moment 
:). The best I can come up with are words like, *""homage,"" ""callback,"" or 
""tribute.""* If you wanna stretch it, maybe even ""reference."" The problem 
with those words are, it doesn't quite have the right connotation. At all. 
Not even a little bit. *It's completely lifeless and devoid of the actual 
emotional reaction we get when seeing such scenes.* 

Here's what I mean. It's not as if we would use any of those words and say, *""oh 
cool, they paid homage to that song,"" or ""haha, nice callback.""* No, in 
watching that scene, as that tune played, *you probably smiled to yourself, 
while others who are huge fans may have hunched forward towards their 
monitors and put their hands to their open mouths, eyes wide with joy and 
surprise. While even bigger fans may have pushed their feet on the floor to 
scoot backwards in their office/gaming chairs. Finally, people that saw 
this in groups, most likely smiled giddily and looked around to silently 
say, please tell me you recognized that song!*

Whatever the degree of reaction, there's an emotional content there. And 
again, to describe these moments of *nostalgia*, all we really have is our 
own emotional reactions for to describe it (just look at the comments that 
reference the end of this trailer, all of them say something to the effect 
of, was that song what I thought it was? and wow they included the 
song.). 
Theres no single word that I know of, and there should be. We have a lot 
of words to choose from to communicate thoughts and Ideas. To be as 
granular and precise as we want, to spin our intentions just the way we 
want, to put the exact, tiniest connotation on an idea to make our points. 
But not here. They didnt think of a word to describe this type of moment, 
but theyre going to have to. As more time passes, the more there are more 
*nostalgic* moments that can be referenced as *easter eggs*."

what is this show rated?

fresh idea, on it Disney

"Just one confusion:-)did they change some names like sher khan,waghira to 
new names for hollywood movie??"

"Wow As an Indian, I'm so glad that an Indian story made this much big. I 
still remember watching Jungle Book cartoon when I was a kid. It was my 
favorite. Disney really transformed it to something massive."

"if this is the teaser trailer, does that mean the trailer is the whole 
movie?"

cant wait for this

Expected more

I am going to feel like a kid again watching this....can't wait.

asome

"Can't they come up with something more original instead of these 
remakes/reboots whatever the fucks they even are anymore?"

I was almost sold until I saw the Disney badge.

I'm so seeing that.

someone had to say it: gear necessities

"              
 "

Christopher Walken and Bill Murray, hell ya

"this year, The Jungle Book & The Legend Of Tarzan, made me come back the TV 
Show Beastmaster (1999)"

Which time it will shows on cinema?

*So... when is the DLC and Collectors Edition coming out for this lol!*

"Yeah totally CGI is crap.....Should have trained like 500 monkeys, had a 
real bear and tame lion and breed a massive genetic snake i mean dam how 
hard is that!...I felt the same with Jurassic world i mean why couldn't 
they use real dinosaurs....made me sick...."

"is this like full CGI computer animated movie?I don't see any real people 
in it,the small kid doesn't look real too"

dude, this is going to be savage!!!

"why not using CGI on Mowgli? Imagine filming this lol and i'm not sayin 
it's a bad thing but why?"

Anyone know THE age of THE movie i know its 12+ or 16+

"Disney already did a live-action Jungle Book.

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110213/?ref_=fn_al_tt_6

So... that's why people are complaining about ""rehashing"""

Looks amazing! Good CGI work. Love the classic as well!

That movie looks Kip-treme!

Looks really good.

"i keep rewatching this trailer because her voice is so hipnotic. <3 she is 
so like me. <3"

"i trully want to see the movie because of kaa and the graphics. i 
absolutely love snakes. and the idea of a human co-existing with animals. 
<3 its always been a fantasy of mine. also i love cgi sooo much. the more 
cgi the better!!! <3"

"to all complaining about this and that and those in this movie. shut the 
fuck up!!! all movies get a remix!!! just like spiderman, catwoman, 
ironman, transformers.... its all with a twist from the directors cut!!! so 
fucking enjoy the movie and stop winning!!!"

the eeeeeend  :B

New Trailer comes out on February 7th during the Super Bowl!!!

Doesn't look like a movie for kids, but otherwise it seems awesome

Is Khan a boy or girl now?

"I will fap to this movie in the cinema even as I am ejected from the 
screening."

Da fuq black widow playing as kaa?

"I never found the disney cartoon of Jungle book that appealing. My fav one 
is the one from 1942.

It's much cgi but it's a cinematic feast! The voice of kaa is gorgeous and 
i'm glad they made it realistic and didn't gave them human facials."

"Disney have created the perfect Jungle book movie.... It was made in 1967, 
and Phil Harris had the voice of Baloo."

I'm so happy they will keep "Bare necessities".

"yay the new jungle book movie!!! but if I saw the huge monkey that will 
give me the heebie jeebies!"

"Confused... what jungle book movie ever used a white kid? The Disney 
animation used an Indian boy."

It was a very good trail

"Can somebody please tell me the name of soundtrack plays from 1:16 to 1:27 
?"

the ending gives me chills everytime!!!!!!! i love/miss my childhood.

MANNN I need to know what the music in the trailer is...

"I don't understand why people are saying it's not childlike....are you guys 
12? Or grown ups going back to childhood necessities for an epic action 
filled adventure outside of a book.. Jesus kids"

I can't WAIT FOR THIS!!!!! The ending gave me chills 

OMG I'm GOING TO SEE THAT MOVIE

"A movie where among the characters a lot of animals. I think that in itself 
is very good!"

"This is the BADASS VERSION of our childhood necesity. 10/10 would go to 
watch this badass!!! "

Why is King Louie so freaking giant

scarlett johansson 

great!

"why every time I watch these trailer I get tingles like from asmr? it's 
weird..but feels awesome"

"I fucking love racism. I love how people are saying ""thank god they didn't 
make the main character white"", when these very same people would love to 
see, for example, a black Spiderman or James Bond, just because... it's a 
black person and not a white person. Yet when this happens and someone like 
me complains they changed the characters skin colour, they'll say ""why 
should that matter? Racist!""

Regardless, I'm against changing a main characters skin colour to how it's 
portrayed in original films/comics, so I'm happy they kept Mowgli's 
original ethnicity."

"All star Cast
Beautiful cinematography
Epic score
World class director who got the Marvel Cinematic Universe to a perfect 
start
Correct Demographical choice in regard to the lead Actor
i'm calling it, this movie will be awesome!!"

"All star Cast
Beautiful cinematography
Epic score
World class director who got the Marvel Cinematic Universe to a perfect 
start
Correct Demographical choice in regard to the lead Actor
i'm calling it, this movie will be awesome!!"

"For people wondering why Louie is so huge - apparently, since Orangutans 
aren't native to India, he's being portrayed as a Gigantopithecus instead.
*Shrug*"

It's vibe is like AVATAR 2

So scary lol not!

i want to see the panther vs the tiger or the snake vs panther

"I hope this movie won't be too serious! It's a remake of a fun, kids' sing 
along after all :("

And the 10 Oscars goes to .......... The Jungle Book :D

What you doing so deep in the jungle?

"My childhood came back , Fucking King, beauty and the Bitches, and Now this 
movies"

Yup i knew it Scarlett Johansson is doing Kaas voice

"I CANT WAIT TO SEE THIS NEW JUNGLE BOOK MOVIE I LOVE THE JUNGLE BOOK 
MOVIES!!!!!"

"All these people complaining of ""originality"" and ""Classic Hollywood"". If 
you don't like it, simply leave. It's not like they are going to go and 
change the movie or never release it. Your negativity is just making it 
worse. I was hoping to see excitement and Happiness in the comments but no, 
it's rather the complete opposite."

Does this mean that in fifty years we'll get a live-action Frozen?

can't wait

I hope the new trailer comes out soon or February!

3 months!!

Check out "Baloo the first Rinnegan user".

"I think this will be a good movie but the thing is. Kaa shouldn't be a 
girl... I understand in some ways but seriously keep it the same!"

this is a great adventure and fantasy movie

CAN'T WAIT

"Its like this, little britches.....

Look for the, bear necessities,
the simple life necessities............"

"to be honest that orangutan scared me as a kid, and I'm 18 and that 
orangutan still scares me, well...more now, its fucking gigantic ""cough"" 
that's what she said"

I LOVEEEEEE ADVENTURES!!!!!!!!!

I would actually like to see this movie

"EEE I saw the cartoon movie it was kinda good I'm mostly Excited about 
Scarlet Johassen"

That snake is one bad ass

Waiting for jungle book

can't wait to see this movie

"Me at the begining to near the end: ""WHO IS THAT WOMAN? RAKSHA? I KNOW FOR 
SURE THAT'S SCARLETT...""



*sees that it's Kaa*



Me:HAAAIIILLL NAAWW! THEY DID NOT JUST TURN A BAD@$$ CHARACTER INTO A 
SEXUAL WET DREAM!!!!"

Looks amazing

"Omg, con not wait!!! Just noticed im like the first positive comment on 
here. Oops"

"The Jungle Book (Vol. 1 To 8)(Movie, DVD)
is a compilation that comprises 8 seasons of the animated adventure series
Is available from Flipkart : http://fkrt.it/lBW0huuuuN"

Maybe the best ending to a trailer ever.

"They should have shown baloo as a sloth bear not a grizzly as grizzly bears 
are not found in india"

"Seeing this looks really good, i wonder if they will have a live-action CGI 
Lion King. I actually kind of want to see that."

bruce wayne in gotham jungle

Wow it's a nice film,How can I get this full movie

You lost me at Christopher Walkin

anyone know where I can find a clear cut of the music without any dialogue?



"Kaa...

...oh bother."

I hope the bear from the revenant stars in it

OH SHIT

HELL YES. SO EXCITED FOR THIS MOVIE

so this April it will be time to go back to childhood with mowgli

realesing date?????????????????????

I've been waiting for this for SO FUCKING LONG!!!!

life of pi??

"I can't wait to see this I grew up on this I always envisioned when they 
taking my daughter to actually see the bear that I've been dreaming of my 
whole life"

"a disney jungle book film is a tricky one. artists behind this are 
fantastic but the accents? this is set in india right? american characters? 
is it because of the ol cartoon songs? cartoons are acceptable. not photo 
real film. well lets see how how far this version can go."

"Why am I excited for this? It's a remake, I'm supposed to hate it, but it 
just looks so cool. that cast, that director, nothing about this is 
screaming ""this is going to suck"" to me."

"am i the only one who aka has sending shivers down my spine when she says, 
""trussssssssst... in me"""

"Most of the top comments are about race, for once why cant you idiots stop 
mentioning racism, it exists BECAUSE you all keep going on about it. Annie, 
Johnny Storm, hell even the new James Bond could be black and its fucking 
pathetic, actors should be cast based on talent NOT race, every movie now 
has female and black leads just to please you complete idiots. Just stop 
being offended by everything, get your heads our your arse's and stop 
throwing the race card at everything, otherwise you're the ones creating 
the problem."

The orangutan in Planet of the Apes looks better.

COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL, I am waiting

"Looks like another assembly line shit heap from Disney, and everyone else 
for that matter. I'm so over every movie jam packed full of explosions, and 
so called ""intense"" ""awe-inspiring"" CGI chicanery to appease the dullards. 
While the movie itself, is plagued with forgettable performances, and 
shitty plot lines. I'm fucking desensitized to it already. We are 10+ years 
into this whole everything Marvel era. Enough is enough! Now we have 
resorted to drudging up the dingleberries of the superhero community like 
Ant-man. Or putting out hollow, dark versions of classics like this movie, 
Pirates of the Caribbean, Snow White, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, 
etc etc etc. Here's a plot line for your next movie. Iron man and the X-men 
work together with the Jedi to defeat Darth Vader & Loki before they can 
destroy the galaxy, robbing the child of The Hulk & Black Widow from 
achieving his rightful destiny as the great leader of the dingleberries. 
Should break box offices records"

Wow

I don't care what other people are complaining about, this gave me chills.

"Okay, so there's no bear and he's really quiet and not playful or cute like 
he usually is. 
Buut, its just a trailer, i'm going to give a chance
(please don't mess this up like they did with Pan)"

Disney, stick to your shit and leave Marvel alone!

So exciting!!!

worst movie 2016 calling it now

"I'm so glad they are finally doing this real life newer version good. I 
grew up watching the cartoon Disney one and probable saw it more than 1000 
times. no joke. :)"

"since when does someone's skin color determine how good they are at 
something? you hire the best actor coach player employee etc regardless. 
who cares as long as he isn't openly racist and management is as well! 
roles seem great here but their aren't options when certain people don't 
pursue things more than others. why would Mobley be white ? the story is in 
india?! lol but if someone does Tarzan finally he should be white or 
European decent because Tarzan lore says he came from a British family. 
just do the movie and role justice. don't push stuff for the sake of 
pushing ur ideals unnecessarily please movie people."

"Anybody else think that they oversized that orangutan and I mean that thing 
could play King kong!!"

"I will say this: the size and scale of the film's production looks very 
impressive, and the way they are approaching the story seems smart; they're 
trying to capture their own unique version of the story, rather than just 
banking on the nostalgia of the original animated version (though, let's 
face it, that line from Kaa the snake was awesome, and I don't even mind 
that they changed the snake's gender cuz the voice works really well)."

"Seriously, enough with this stupid trend of changing the gender of classic 
characters!"

"DUDES FUQ EVERYTHING LOOK AT BALOO HE LOOK LIKE HUGE BEAST!!!......
mother of god...."

If this isn't good, I'll kill Disney. Wait, then how will get Star Wars?

Wait is it coming spring 2017?

Can't wait.

I am seeing this for my b day it is April 18

"I'm so excited for this! (I will scream if it turns out to be a musical 
though... #Ihatemusicals)"

"I'm so excited for this! (I will scream if it turns out to be a musical 
though... #Ihatemusicals)"

"I get why. But why use so many major actors in animation. It just seems 
kind of pointless. It doesn't make any difference who is doing the voice"

"Is that snake Kaa?
... If so, why is he a female in this?"

nope

I flipped it at 1.37

"all these comments here from people pretending as if they dont know what 
your talking about ""ohh i didnt know hollywood whitewashes movie"" stfu."

"for all you ostirches who apparently have your head in the sand what 
harobed was saying is hollywood whitewashes movies its no secret, case in 
point gods of egypt have you seen the cast. if i were egyptian i would be 
pissed"

Goosebumps at 1:29

The pirates of the Caribbean theme though

"will I have to wait for the score to come out to find out the name of this 
song???? ------______------"

"Looks like'a mighty fun film!
My one worry is this child actor in such a huge role.
Not at all t'say children can't give fantastic performances and nothin 
personal towards the kid, but every scene of him in this trailer I couldn't 
buy. Best of luck to 'im, this is probably his first acting gig ever, ah'm 
just worried he may bring the movie down."

Is that Scarlett Johansson? It kinda sounds like her

i'm calling it right here and now Christopher Walken is king Louis

"here we go, hollywood churns out another cliche 'Epic' move with 'Epic' 
Hans Zimmer soundtrack."

i like it

This movie going to be sick :)))))

"God freaking dang it. When will Disney learn that live action remakes of 
already good movies is a bad idea. The mindset is most likely that it will 
sell well because people are suckers for nostalgia, but they have to learn 
when a business tycoon has failed. Let's name all the previous live action 
flops:
Alice in Wonderland: Sucked. Also, it should be named, ""Grown up Alice 
returns to Underland."" Ugh
Oz: The Great and Powerful: Terrible
Maleficient: ATROCIOUS 
CINDERELLA: HORRENDOUS
The Jungle Book: ...kill me."

you can say that again scarlet Joahnson is the perfect kaa

"Yeah, great attempt at reviving something that didn't need to be touched in 
the first place [cough couch** sleeping beauty, Cinderella, and THIS]... 
But why must you use CG animals mixed in with real ones? If you had good 
CG, I'd let it go; but that's clearly the studio thinking we wouldn't 
notice. I don't even care if all of them are CG, if you aren't consistent 
people will notice when you cut corners. I can already tell the bear and 
the snake are made up of sweatshop CG."

Ay



"my mom wrote something like this poem when she was younger almost the 
same"

They fucked up the snakes voice. Damn. Anyway, I'll watch it.

           

Happy New Year!!!!!

"CAN SOMEONE PLEASE HELP,where can I find the music that plays at the start 
of this video?"

can't wait to see this...looks awesome

kaa sounds like a lady

"close your eyes while whatching this and imagine it with all undertale 
charachters"

WHO IS YOUR FAVORITE CHARACTER MINE IS : Bagheera

This is an Adaptation from Indian story of little boy called Moghli.

disney, you didn't get the picture. cinderella sucked!

Shere Khan doesn't fight with Bagheera in the book or in the original film

"I feel like if it was more close to the book not the movie it might be 
good."

"It's like Disney wanted the adults to get heavy nostalgia so they made 
jungle book really... Actiony"

"I'm only worried about the kids acting to be completely honest. Don't 
really like kid actors."

I wish they would've gotten a nigger to play King Louie

"I saw this trailer on youtube a couple months ago and it didn't interest 
me. Then I saw it in 3D on a giant ultraAVX screen before starwars and 
suddenly it looked awesome."

Looks shit.

"If this movie does not contain the ubidoo song with the orangutan...... 
Then I'm not watching it"

The end though.

Where are the wolves?

Wasn't Kaa a dude?

"More than 50 years on since Disney made the original animation movie. The 
magic is still here. Amazing."

bwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah

"bless your cotton socks John Favreau... 
more than any Disney movie ever, THIS was my childhood... i wore this shit 
out on vhs twice, still have the third copy somewhere...
I have so much faith in this film, because of Favreau and partially because 
i'm biased. Baloo whistling ""Bear Necessities"" at the end really tugged at 
my heart strings.
10/10 trailer."

So basically there going to ruin the jungle book

"So the animals talk or not? Because Kaa apparently does and Baloo at the 
end has a very human-like behaviour"

I think....This is good movies.

"hey hey! Have you considered - Kasteshas Unbelievable Potty Training 
(should be on google have a look)? Ive heard some unbelivable things about 
it and my sister in-law got great results from it."

WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS? HM?

Wow!

Can't wait!

"I honestly disagree with all the people that are saying making Kaa female 
ruined the movie. I think it works because it adds suspense to the movie 
and makes Kaa a more interesting villain. Sure, this is a different Kaa, 
but I think this Kaa is actually more threatening and works better for a 
live-action version of the film. Scarlett Johansen absolutely nails the 
voice, the way she sounds motherly yet creepy. Seductive, as to lead Mowgli 
into a false sense of security. Her voice makes Kaa a much more sinister 
villain."

"We get animated Disney films from the 20's-90's and our children are going 
to get Disney movies that are shot like they belong in the movie 300."

I cannot wait for this 

"this trailer gave me goosebumps because I thought the panther was talking 
to him but it was the snake"

"i fucking can't wait to see this. i remember watching the jungle book 
cartoon movie years ago as a young lad. now i saw this preview while i was 
about to see the new star wars. i was stoked."

we saw this before the force awakens?

Anyone knows the name of the song?

"Assiste muito Moglin o desenho, tinha a fita original da Disney, era muito 
bonito o filme."

Looks pretty damm good.

"Why is every animal in this movie five times larger than actual 
animals?!?!?"

waiting.....

Time to get my favorite songs re-stuck in my head!!!!!

I thougth that Bill Murray has died.

"""Koa the Snake is Sexy.""
9000% Stupid Answer
8999% Intresting Answer"

De snake is glados

"Scarlett Johanson's voice so hypnotizing perfect for a snake. This movie is 
gonna be amazing i can't wait to see this. #TheJungleBook2016"

"Oh, and, don't forget ""Tarzan,"" which has an almost identical premise. That 
makes FOUR films about someone raised in the wild by wolves or gorillas!"

"This will now be the THIRD movie adaptation of the Rudyard Kipling book 
Disney has made. Sheesh!"

"I hate these damn remakes. Disney no longer has any imagination. Everything 
is a retread of something done while Walt Disney was still alive."

I need to see thie

"Does anyone have the official music to this trailer or know when it'll come 
out?
I WANT THIS TRAILER SONG SO BAD"

"This movie seems very similar to The legends of tarzan. What's the 
diffrence between the two movies?."

Why always reboots ??! The 1967 version also of Disney was just perfect !

"Is it just me or is anyone else mesmerized by Scarlett's voice 
"

most cgi out there looks like garbage compared to this

I thought this was Tarzan

soon you'll see Tarzan, Belle, and Ariel

i need to see this

good Like

4 months left!!!

I like the last scene! 

great movie has great trailer.... great ............

"Oh I am so excited! I just started reading the book for the first time, and 
it is fun to see how much the cartoon took from it and how much it 
condensed and ""Disneyfied."" From the trailer, this movie looks like it will 
stay more true to the book. I already recognize some of the scenes playing 
out exactly how they are described in the novel. Definitely my most 
anticipated movie of 2016 so far."

I DON'T KNOW ABOUT ANYONE ELSE BUT IM DIGGING KAA BEING A FEMALE

I literately just thought about a live action jungle book.

90's childhood here' boom

"STOP RIGHT THERE!!! NO!! BAD DISNEY!! THE ORIGINAL'S FINE THE WAY IT IS!!! slaps 
Mickey Mouse"

"Imagine the credits of this thing:

Starring - Neel Sethi as Mowgli

Voices
Kaa - *___*
Baloo-*__*
Bagira- *_*
Shir Kaahn- *__*

etc.

Special effects
*_________* *_______*
*_____* *______*
*______* *_____*
*____* *___*
*___*
*_________*
*____* 
*_______* *______* 
*___* *____*

etc."

Mowgli > Tarzan

"I read the book.






I hated the book.
It was so boring."

"Yes, let's make all the wonderfully designed animated characters into 
boring, lifeless CGI animals, that won't ruin anything."

"So everything in this video is all CGI except for the boy. Looks very 
impressive. Remind me of Avatar where they film the whole movie inside a 
building."

Why is Kaa a female?

"Am I the only one finding it really annoying knowing disney are recycling 
stories they already did that existed anyway and making unimaginable 
amounts of money. Cinderella, Peter pan now junglebook.the creativity in 
these films are just so dull. They don't bother writing stuff because they 
have enough money to stamp their name on masterpieces and ruin them but 
take all credit anyway. But the film might be good I guess."

YOU RSCK. HOWHY? PORTER AFTERTHOUGHT "

"0:25 - 0:33 gives me chills, Scarlett's voice is so awesome. So pumped for 
this movie."

can't wait to see the gritty dark portrayal of the beatles vultures

ohh scarlet ur such a gorgeous snake

"What is disney doing! they make great animated original movies so stick to 
it! Don't remake and take the fun out of great films, don't greenlight a 
sequel to nemo that no one asked for and for god sake....







please continue the rocketeer franchise, pretty please!"

WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS, NEXT YOU'LL MAKE A GRITTY DUMBO.

Tazan? DC just release The Legend of Tazan @@

i am tarzan

Awesome

eagerly waiting for this film...

I rather watch this than BvS

Boy runs more than an athlete in this trailer. Imagine the movie

"I dont know if its just the trailer but this looks too dark....not like 
the The Jungle Book I remember"

"I Don't know what to think of it. It looks kinda cool, but if someone were 
to tell me that the guy who made Iron man was making a more realistic 
remake/reboot of The Jungle Book, I'd have thought it was a joke. I don't 
know. As long as it keeps the fun."

"once all animated movies are made into live action, are we gonna start 
making live action movies into animated ones?"

un.real

Tarzan vs Jungle Book....my money's on Tarzan!

"Wonder which animal character is best suitable for a Christopher Walken 
voiceover? It's a shame a sloth isn't one them.. he'd be great!"

"The thing I'm most excited about with this movie is seeing how they portray 
King Louie and his demeanor since they changed his species to fit the 
location. Since no one has ever met a Gigantopithecus before, no one truly 
knows what they were like. I'm excited to see how that change plays out for 
the movie. I love that they made that change to fit the location, since 
orangutans aren't from the jungles of India.
The biologist in me is screaming with anticipation. :)"

so much hate. Guys why don't you just enjoy it, it's gong to be epic.

"I think Scarlett Johansson is the best person to play the snake because she 
is a very good actress and amazing at being controlling and seductive."

It better had 'I wanna be like you' in it, else it has been ruined!

"I don't know what's wrong with you pathetic people but this movie looks 
awesome! !!!!!!!"

"Wow this looks like the best Disney remake EVER the only real problem is 
that kaa (I think that's how you spell it) is a girl although Scarlett 
johansson will do a good job"

I wish it was real so bad it looks so good

Timon? Pumba?

guau

"FINALLY my childhood on the big screen! I can't wait to watch this movie. 
This looks intense!! I hope they will make a Lion King movie too one day 
:3."

Is this like the remake of Tarzan?

Well they still have Jumanji left to fuck up.

Anyone getting the last airbender vibe?

YES!

Such an awesome movie trailer!

"Im against all these live actions film adaptations of the 2D classics. Cant 
imagine a 60ft bear singing 'Bear necessities'.
fuck off hollywood."

recognised scarlets voice straight away haha

OH. Hell. YES!!!! This looks *Awesometacular*!! :D

"My childhood is coming back this next Tarzan I feel like myself when I was 
five 11 years ago."

Ewwwww ScarJo as the snake? No I want him to sound like Winnie the Pooh

I hate it, watch mny content in my channel

Make Aladdin live action!!!

"Is it just me that gets 'The Jungle Book' and 'Tarzan' mixed up? Just me? 
Okay.."

CG looks shit!

"when when when? 
release. . ? 
cant wait"

Thanks for the STAB IN THE BACK to my childhood.

Who came here from The Legend of Tarzan?

Where's the little mermaid

"How they make this is outstanding just look at the animation they used I 
can't wait"

I never liked the original film but... holy shit!

"the original jungle book is still and always will be better than any 
hollywood remake"

"omg,my reaction at the end of the trailer:fucking hunger games shit right 
there."

"Is this the new format for disney movies now? 
1-Take a classic made for kids
2-Make it live action
3-Make it dark and edgy
4-Have a big throw down at the end
5-They all end up being friends"

No, children, it's not okay to play with wild animals.

He hears voices! Is this epilepsy.?

All aboard the nope train

"Stop Disney! My heart can only take so much happiness. Star Wars, MCU, 
Tarzan, and now this... Its too much!"

stop with this shit

DAT LOOKS SO COOOOOOOL 

Scarlet Johansson is in this movie! Too excited!

The snake was a male.

Well....on the other side the original was even less realistic.

Jungle Book the action film of the century!!

i can't wait to see this movie!!! it looks cool

as soon as I saw "from the director of IRON MAN" I was just like I'm out ..

tHE LAST 5 SECONDS OF THE BEAR NECESSITIES BEING WHISTLED SOLD ME.

"I was just thinking in my head that if they don't have the bear necessities 
I wouldn't watch then the bear whistles!!!!"

This Doesn't look chessy at all 

Walkens in this? Sold.

ehhhh, im uhh king louie. - christopher walken

that little boy does goes good parkour

"The simple Bearnasesities of life" 

King Louis is so big when he smashes s hand through the building

This will suck. I hate it, but it's true.

PleasedontsuckPleasedontsuckPleasedontsuckPleasedontsuckPleasedontsuckPleasedontsuckPleasedontsuck

cant waittttttttt

SCARLETT JOHANSSON YAAAAAAAS

Looks shit just saying

Perfect

Looks interesting, let's wait and see eh.

Will it be Ben Kingsley in Brown-face again?

"Now they need: hunchback of notre dame, mulan, alddain, beauty and the 
beast, road to el derado, Atlantis, and magic tree house"

"....I think the CGI actually looks really nice in this. Especially the 
orangutan, holy fuck."

"PLEASE MAME A LOVE ACTION VERSION OF THE MUSICAL CATS DIRECTED BY TIM 
BURTON AMD ROB MARSHAL
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!!!!!!"

"Well they've destroyed my childhood in one fell swoop. Stop making bloody 
remakes! Have some imagination!"

finally this real Indian story is now on big screen of Hollywood

STOP BRINGING BACK REALLY GOOD CLASSICS DAMNIT

All the feels

Disney is stepping up their game with the trailers and movies!

I'm not gonna watch this. I liked the original movie and the sequel.

"Another thing, why do they always throw Ben Kingsley in a role that 
involves brown people"

"The reason this is about fucking skin killer is because ethnic minorities 
are still being whitewashed or underrepresented! This is refreshing to see! 
This is what we need more of! White peoples need to get out of their 
fucking bubble and see Hollywood for what it truly is! We're bored of 
Jennifer Lawrence, bored of Bradley Cooper, bored of Scarlet johannson. 
Call me racist but I have a valid reason to despise unobservant and 
ignorant white people. Continue living your comfortable privileged lives 
while we get put down for addressing the fact we don't have the same 
privileges as you!"

"Oh fuck, come on Hollywood, would it kill you to fund a new IP once in a 
while. Remakes of remakes and prequel remakes of sequel remake 
spinoffs....argh!"

It's obvious that Kaa wanted to recruit Mowgli to the Avengers

That bears not blue it can't be 

Scarlett... Seeing this

;-;

where's Benedict?!?

I want to have sex with Scarlett Johansson's Voice !

Is this doesn't keep the original songs I'm not watching it

oh so lions and panthers are good but tigers and hyenas are bad?

"Jon Favreau is directing it? Dude, now I'm even more excited for this 
movie."

>>> :(

Wait I thought Benedict Cumberbatch was in this movie?!?

SCARLET JOHANNSON AS THE KAA?! YES PLEASE!!

Now do the lion king!

nooo this looks too scary!!!

the way he jumps down the hill is so funny

I saw this it looks good

I fucking love how they gave the snake a female voice

"It's funny how they showed the list of famous celebrities such as Ben 
Kingsley, Scarlett Johansson, Idris Elba, etc but didn't even bother to 
show Neel Sethi, the protagonist of the movie as Mowgli! :/"

www

The bear necessities?

I hope this remake is better than the others...

The new Tarzan looks more better and intense.

"This has better CGI than The Legend of Tarzan. I came back for a 
comparison. This movie wins."

ohmyyes.

Eh....i guess ill see it i mean the original is probably better

"I can't say Kaa gender-swapping is a massive issue, especially as he/she 
will probably be an enemy character again whereas in the book Kaa is 
actually one of Mowglis closest friend and saves him on more than one 
occasion..."

"The original is a big part of my childhood and I don't like the look that 
it's taking itself so seriously. I'd rather watch a joyful one with songs 
and a much happier tone"

when that huge gorilla came out of the dark i was like AW HELL NAW

Am I the only one wondering... Why is Kaa a girl in this, isn't Kaa a guy?

CG, CG EVERYWHERE.

this'll never be better than the original.

"Live action jungle book with Bill Murry AND Christopher Walken? WHAT COULD 
POSSIBLY GO WRONG?"

"OOPY DOO!
Bare Necessities!
Trust in me!
OOPY DOO!"

I scream every time I watch this

I am friend with the actor of Mogley can't wait for the movie

I just did a play on this in theater I love it can't wait for the movie

Music sounds just like terry devine-king 'blue planet' from 1:28- 1:34..

"Why is Balloo a North American grizzly type bear in this film, and not the 
native black bears found in Asia?? Weren't the native wildlife not big 
enough to fit the role??! And why is king Louis so F*#*#ng big?"

ffs, they are making the jungle book look so fucking serious

Dark Jungle: Mowgli Begins

"Bring the Adventure to Life" = all CGI + 1 kid.... -_-

"This film looks great but I mean, I am struggling to imagine those really 
realistic looking animals burst out into song"

"yeah because everyone was asking for an action thriller remake of the 
jungle book"

"the snake should have been a male but I kind of like the female voice I'm 
hoping the do the trust in me song it still gives me chills lol"

"Honestly, these comments are dumb as fuck. When people say they were 
worried about Disney making this kid white is because *Disney* are truly 
experts when it comes to white wash a POC story."

"Why is Disney going through this craze of fancying up, going all deep into 
stories and making them super actiony, I enjoy a nice story. There is only 
so much drama you can add to a children's story before it becomes stupid. I 
don't need a live action version of an already classic film!"

"the soundtrack is this trailer really keeps me coming back... kinda of 
addictive really"

"i still can't get my head around HOW the songs should fit into that movie?? 
i just can't get a proper picture of that scenes in my brain.

really, the song-scenes could either be embarrasing to hell or the best 
thing in movies since years. :D

i'm so pumped to watch the movie!!"

"I like that they made Kaa sound sultry and seductive. It's different from 
original movie, of course. But, Kaa is supposed to be hypnotic, so the 
sultry, seductive personality fits, in my opinion."

Where are all the songs?

Iozz x v BBM mlljjkjkvHJahaaj I'llajaja

Nice! Look forward to that!

impossible

"Somebody knows the music used in the trailer? And no, it's not Darude - 
Sandstorm."

Bear necessities... simple bear necessities...

"You know I really thought about watching this movie but then I saw the 5th 
name of the 6 casting members"

Can't wait

I just came here to listen to Scarlet's majestic voice...

Shit film.

"awesome trailer ... come one Disney you put all the movie stars name in 
there.. wheres the kids name? or isnt he the star of the movie?"

Aha! i know thats scarlett voices!

When is the new trailer coming?

"that whistle at the end gave me chills. Just had a nostalgia moment real 
quick."

"Have you people even watch Pirates of the Caribbean
Your childhood is gonna be fine."

I'm open to new ideas, but just don't fuck up a classic!

"mogli is supposed to hav grown up with wolves not gorrillas and monkeys.. 
Lol"

"What's the soundtrack in this? It's sounds so familiar it's killing me not 
knowing."

"People : OH NO CHILDHOOD RUINED WHY THE SNAKE IS A GIRL WHY SO MANY CGI
Some other people : CALM DOWN WILL YA DID YOU REALLY EXPECT A CHILD WORKING 
WITH A TIGER 
Me : OK, this looks good."

"""What are u doing so deep in the Jungle"" - I always ask this, if my Lee Sin 
counter jungles like a retard and dies."

No matter what anyone says, this film will be absolutely fantastic.

"lol did they see the movie? i know this
movie is old since the 60s but number 1
the snake is supposed to be male and
they put a female snake lol number 2 
the tiger never fought the black jaguar
it was baloo the bear but the movie 
looks good tho and 2 cats going at it 
seems more action than the bear i guess lol"

"Teaser looks amazing!!!!! Hope the Movie lives up to the expectations what 
we Jungle Book fans have "

"OMG Bill Murray ghostbusters man I can't believe how many actors from old 
films like back to the future are still around"

"Look for the~ bare necessities, the simple bare necessities~ forget about 
your worries and your strife!"

"For everyone wondering why King Louie Is so big that's because he's not an 
orangutan its said he's a gigantopithecus"

"Christopher Walken is an interesting choice to follow Louis Prima. Kinda 
defeats the purpose of that particular role, but Walken is brilliant in 
everything, so I'm sure he'll pull it off. I'm looking forward to this one."

suparb

"Badass CG Bagheera is soooooo cool

But man, where are all the songs gone? I Wanna Be Like You? Nah?
*sigh*"

"This is kid is very lucky to get this role. I auditioned for the role of 
mowgli a while back. Wish I got the role."

this. looks. badass.

"That's no orang utan
It's a Gigantopithecus

that's one oversized orang utan"

That snake kind of reminds of GLADOS (Portal)

looks dark

Shere Khan didn't die in the original movie. I hope he does in this one

1:05 "....and trusssssst in me." I've always loved Scarlett's voice.

"LOL at the stupid niggers in the comments talking about his race, the only 
reason they didnt make him white is so you guys wont cry and riot about it. 
Just like you do when something doesnt go your way."

SCARY

This is American Bear It exist in India? i didn't know that

It's that fucking whistle, man! That fucking whistle! ; _ ;

What soundtrack?

Was Kaa a male or female in the story

"Bagheera and Kaa.
Fucking awesome CGI"

Scarlet Johanson as a snake ... ha ha irony!

"I hate when they make classics all action and intense, the old Jungle Book 
was quite funny and charming."

It looks. You Made It Happen! story caring What do you think... 11

01:37 with just a Bear Necessities of life.

im sorry but the snake is suppose to be a male

Oh my god YES!

Bare Necessites!

I can not wait to watch sher kan get destroyed

"Fun fact: my 3D animation teacher made the scene of Shere Kahn with the 
fire over his face, she said she never knew much about lighting and had to 
learn it to get that scene perfect. (Her name is Sydney Padua, look her up)"

"I hope Sher khan will be the same level of epicness in this remake, 
personally I am hyped for it ^^ If I don't like it, I still got the old 
ones, doesn't matter"

it gonna break the records

show

the panther is so cute

You're Unique! habitual painful What's your opinion about

Did anybody else realise the little bare necessities whistle at the end?

Why they will make 2 movies of the same stuff???

this. looks. awesome.

"Would you consider Scarlett Johansson as Winnie-the-Pooh & Hank Azaria as 
Tigger in Untitled Live-action Winnie the Pooh Film, because it was 
announced in April 3, 2015."

"wow this looks really really amazing and i have a feeling is gonna be a 
long good movie like avatar and others big successful movies taking place 
in the jungle i cant wait to here the loud life action in theater tiger 
roaring and the sound of dashing through the plants...i promise people this 
wont be a let down ""Is gonna be HUGEEE""- (Donald Trumps voice)"

"Atlantis. And PLEASE for the love of humanity cast people that look like 
the Atlantians in the movie. And someone who looks like KIDA. No shade but 
the live action cast for that movie would have to be good, because a lot 
people actually don't remember/know ATLANTIS. Sadly."

"I hope There Will Be much More Action Than in This Trailer 
....................................."

Does ANYONE know what the music in the trailer is, or where I can find it?!

"Y'know, I *really* hope this characterisation of Kaa (as well as the gender 
flip) means they're taking the character back to the original book 
incarnation of Kaa as a powerful, sagelike elder of the jungle, feared and 
respected but not dreaded, a neutral force instead of a villain, rather 
than the evil but honestly rather pathetic snake from the original animated 
movie."

looks great looking forward to taken my son an enjoying the movie

Atractive

"The trailer makes the movie look like a fucking action/thriller not a happy 
cheerful movie like it originally was."

The CGI Book

wasn't that snake supposed to be a dude?

Not a single wolf to be seen.

The original without the fun.

I'm gonna love this

How have I only just heard of this!!!

"I thought this was the actual The Jungle book (the classic one). Are you 
serious Disney?"

5 Months left!!!! :-)

will Shanti be in this?

I am definitely watching this  Baloo and Bagheera ;)

the snake remind me of glados

"This movie really doesn't need a remake, but at least it looks like a good 
one."

ohh man cant wait to see this one

"Live Action Wishlist.(if this movie isn't a screw up or is true to sticking 
towards the original film.)
1: Tarzan
2:Hunchback of Notre Dame
3:Beauty and the Beast
4:Mulan
5: Princess and the Frog (though give it a decade for it to be considered a 
classic)
6:The Little Mermaid"

from the original

cool. But too much change

"bill murray as baboo? hell i am watching this shit. 
#everythingbetterwithmurray"

Super trailer

The creators of this story had to have experiences Ayahuasca

"I can't see that bear sing bare necessities. it would probably look 
retarded XD the original movie was good"

"Oh..very wonderful and incredible trailer...!!!My favorite rolls are 
coming - mougli ,kaa  ,bageeran ,balu ,sura, akelan ,gomar,sherkhan and 
ect..I wait for see this film.!!!!"

How did the jungle book turn into some action movie?!

"ohh god ......why disneyland? i hate you now more ....to destroy a classic 
kids movie into a piece of mediocrity. .....if this garbage success then 
.....poor of Pinocchio, dumbo and all the good classic movies because this 
zero talent writers, producers and directors will bring you back and 
destroy you just to make themselves important"

Idk I think it has potential guys

Idk I think it has potential guys

"Dude Christopher Walken BETTER be Bagheera! p.s. these comments are killin 
me! X'D"

"I'm actually kind of excited for this movie. It's looks good. But so did 
Maleficent and look how that turned out :/"

literally the only good thing about this is that it has bill murray......

"No! And, in case you didn't hear me the first time, HELL NO!
Also, Kah is a chick?"

im really crying

this is a reebot, right?

so cool:)

THE LION KING .....PLEASE !!!

"Omg im so glad the cgi is good! I mean do many hideously bad cgi live 
actions this year but this....this astonishing!"

I thought mowgli was raised by wolves, so where's the wolves?

Happy Diwali

awesome also is kaa the snake giant with a girls voice?

Desperately waiting for the release.

Jeez, not what you would expect in this kind a movie..

They're making this movie look like a horror movie or something.

I thought Benedict was playing the tiger in this?

RUN FOREST RUN !!!

"i'm looking forward to the germany box office. as you may know, the 
animated jungle book was nowhere as succesful as in germany. there it even 
is the most seen movie in cinema until today! 

astonishing 29 million, compared to the 20 million of the second place, 
Titanic.
let's see, if that means anything for the success of this remake in 
germany."

I like THAT snake.

Looks great!!!!

still doesnt protect from being bad

Still waiting for that Kingdom Keepers movie adaptation though...

this looks like it will give kids nightmares

The whole trailer was basically Mowgli jumping off or on something :/

WAIT LUPITA IS IN THIS! WOAH! ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS FINALLY!!!

"Check out BigBran play H1z1 and many other games at 
http://www.hitbox.tv/bigbran"

"Disney movies undergoing ""live-action"" remake. Beauty and the Beast, The 
Little Mermaid, Mulan, Jungle Book. If there are any other, I might have 
miised please add below. The sad truth is there are no new ideas that 
Disney could use to give us more magic.

If there'll be any Aladdin related movie it will be heart wreching because 
there is no Robin Williams... :(
I would root for a Lilo ns Stich movie, Lost Planet and Atlantis. The 
visuals would be amazing!"

"please tell me iris elba is sher khan or the panther i can never rember his 
name"

This looks so epic!

"little mermaid pretty please. Oh and Mulan, Hercules, and The Hunchback of 
Notre Dam. Alright I'm done."

"{ This one looks almost too good. The voice of Kaa is..wow, something 
different. I'm enjoying all the live remakes of the Disney movies! <3"

"I hope this movie is as good as the trailer (NEVER the CASE)....I'm still 
hoping."

yasssss

Harry potter in Jungle in another universe.

"I still shudder when I see the snake, I'm not afraid of snakes just this 
one....."

Daaaaaaaaaaarn I thought the Tiger was friendly like in the show...

Daaaaaaaaaaarn I thought the Tiger was friendly like in the show...

"Kenneth Branagh directed Cinderella remake.
Jon Favreau is directing The Jungle Book remake. 
Should we expect the Russo Brothers to direct the Aladdin remake?"

waaaaaaaaaht! amazing!

"You know Kaa is the one character I feel they could pull this off with. 
They could have done this with almost any character but they did it with 
the one that could possibly be a better fit than the original. Plus SJ gets 
a chance to once again stretch her voice acting chops. She seems to be 
getting a lot of that in the past few years."

I just have to ask, why bother?

This is a good damn horror movie

"I was unsure about Scarlett voicing Kaa (being that character was too my 
knowledge never EVER being female) but dang it fits"

"Blooming heck! In the animated Jungle Book Scarr the snake sounded daft and 
silly, but in this he sounds like a demon possessed! Looks blooming 
brilliant!!!! :D"

You guys are the kings of creativity and you have to remake a movie?

You cant and never will beat the animated JUNGLE BOOK

Ok

"So this trailer showed me that he does a lot of running and jumping from 
high places while being pursued by ferocious animals. Great trailer.... 
NOT."

"this movie actually looks really awsome like the Alice through the broken 
glass"

I rather see a live action beauty and the beast







"Ok so first cinderella p then alice in wonderland and now the jungle book 
are becoming live actions"

The snake sounds like a girl?!

"another jungle book movie yay -.- not really and there all ready movie 
virgin of this story"

THATS GOOD CGI

This looks like it's going to be fun.

"I dont understand the snake in the trailer. wasn't kaa supposed to be 
shere khan's sidekick?
is mowgli raised by (wolves/foxes whatever)? I like his animal family. can 
we get a bit of that and then skip to the plot?

Disney can make a perfect LA remake of the animated movie. OR they can make 
a LA that gives the classic story what it deserves. that wouldn't be a 
remake. unless they want it to be. oh no I don't trust disney.

ruin my childhood whatever. but don't give up halfway through bring the 
novella to life. don't attempt cut out characters and change personality 
and alliances. that was my teenhood"

YAY MORE CGI ANIMALS! THANKS DISNEY :)

"please dont be a musical.....please dont be a musical.....please dont be a 
musical..."

...I have a fear of monkeys...don't know if I want to watch this lol

"They better not ruin this amazing classic movie! The Jungle Book was 
literally my childhood..."

My favorite childhood Disney cartoon. Idk if I can watch. ... ; (

Too much CGI and it doesn't look good.

This better not jack up my childhood

"THIS LOOKS AMAZING AND CREEPY ""trussssst in me."" that was plain out 
creepy...."

The kids not white! Yay!

"The Jungle Book has been my favorite since I was a kid. I can't wait till 
this comes out this looks epic!"

"cgi jungle book with one live action charictor which ODVISLY MAKES IT LIVE 
ACTION!!!!!!!!!"

Dose babu still sing

OOO The Lion King.......wait.......nvm

"This looks more like Chronicles of Narnia meets Indiana Jones than the 
Jungle Book, but whatever."

"i think it should be more colourful, this is a child adventure not an 
action movie"

LIVE ACTION MOVIE OF TREASURE PLANET PLEASE!!!! AND DON'T RUIN MORPH!!!

I knew it!!

"One of my favorite movies from my childhood, but can we just talk about how 
mesmerizing Scarlett Johansson voice is."

great

Would be amazing to watch this Indian Hero !

"The only thing that's not as great for me is the snake. I understand that 
they wanted a female voice for the seductive, luring talking, but perhaps a 
little too seductive? The best thing about the original Kaa, was that he 
was goofy, and funny. Where is that now?? She could never be that. It just 
doesn't fit. It's not the right voice. It should've been a guy's voice. 
Original Kaa may have been seen as pretty annoying, but dam* funny at the 
same time. With her, it's just plain annoying. If they wanted to go for a 
more serious movie with no funnyies, or funny moments, they could've still 
gave the snake a guy's voice. One that would remind you of the original 
Kaa's voice, except like 5 times darker, and more creepier. That would've 
been equally as scary, luring and menacing! It doesn't seem that it would 
work to me. She could never be Kaa, or at least like the original Kaa. The 
rest seems like it will really work out great. Even ol' Baloo. :) Miss him 
having blue fur though. lol I'm not saying that this movie will be an epic 
fail. Maybe it could be just epic. :D I had actually just watched The 
Jungle Book 2, when I first heard about this trailer by the way. :)"

original king louie = lankey kong

"I just hope it's sorta faithful to the original movie or book at least. 
Because if it pulls another Maleficent out of its ass, I'm out."

"So there's two upcoming Jungle Book movies within two years? :/ Or is 
""Jungle Book Origins"" a prequel?"

1:00 that face tho :D

the music at 1:28 where is that from? It sure sounds stolen as hell.

i am waiting

Why is Scarlett Johansson entering my childhood?

"I hope the Official Trailer #1 will be released on December 2015 or January 
2016!"

"Wait... KAA IS A GIRL?!

I didn't know that. XD"

"Instantly realized that voice in the background was Scarlett Johansson. 
Instantly realized how dramatic her change from a bad ass avenger to a 
talking snake was."

"To me it looks like it'll be a lot of fun. Can't imagine why all the 
comments here are so negative."

"I thought this was gonna look lame but it actually looks really fricking 
AWESOME. And I really would like to see it. I don't think it will ruin the 
one we all remember from our childhood. It'll just be a more action-packed 
version. The kind of movie we all seem to watch nowadays."

Calling it. Shere Khan is going to kill Baloo at the end.

Must awaiting movie for me....

so execited to see this movie! yeah

"Hey wow the animation looks great! They should do , The Lion King live 
adaptation next!"

ruined the jungle book GFY

the cast gave me chills

looks like a great movie & can't wait to watch it.



"The Bear 
Necessities.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11"

"People hating on this movie never read the book.. Good job guys. 
Complaining about all the technology off CGI, but if I recall, watching tv 
was still being involved in technology. Read a book losers."

This is probably my favorite quote of the year.

"if the movie is half as good as this trailer,then it's going to be Jon 
Fav's best."

waiting ...............

looks awesome. but you can't always trust trailors.

OK I would love to know who is playing the kid because he is amazing!

look good

"So who else thinks the Kaa-related porn that already permeates the internet 
will multiply exponentially after this movie comes out?"

"ARE U SERIOUS. HOW MANY REBOOTS THEY GONNA HAVE. HOW MANY MOVIES? 
HOWWWWWW?????"

! ,      

"Is this a remake? I thought its a live action adaptation base from a 
classic book. If there were already a live action movie of this, then 
sorry, I must have missed it."

Super

"i feel like when the kid jumped from the waterfall and then out the temple 
with the giant orangoutang it was the same camera shot with different 
angles lol"

"i agree, exodus gods and kings was so un-believable (literally) cause they 
had christian bale and tons of other white folks who should've been of 
darker complexion like cmon. casting director, horrible"

That end tho... THIS IS MAKING ME SO EXCITEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED

There better be singing.

Can't wait to see it

Wait why is king louie a giant???

Please don't disappoint us like that movie avatar the last air bender

Next Tarzan....

Real jungle boy is Indian

How are you? It's astonishing badge flimsy What do you think, guys... 11

thank god it's not white main character

"Bagheera vs Shere Khan. It's up there with Batman vs Superman and Captain 
America vs Iron Man."

The book i grew up with .

anyone here bc fine bros?

*sees big ass beautiful snake and hears voice. mouth falls slack*

I MUST SEE THIS!!!

is that Samantha's voice lol

I hope they don't change how the story goes!

Now make a live action Lilo&Stitch.

Hi

THIS LOOKS AMAZING

Looks good!

.....Hakuna Matata.....??

amazing

"All these people in the comments whining and complaining about ""my 
childhood"" and ""bare necessities"" and other crap. This looks much truer to 
the actual novel than the Disney classic, and I'm sure that's the point.
Now stop whining."

BAGIIIRRRRAAAAAAAA

OH SHIT MOGLEY!

"There better be a Live Action Lion King Movie in the works, if not, I'll 
cry."

So the wolf pack is out of the picture?

"0_0 Kaa is even more frightening in this live-action trailer, and did I 
just hear Baloo whistling ""Bare Necessities?!"""

XD HE WAS WHISTLING AT THE END! The panther (forgot his name.) looks cute!

WHY IS THE SNAKE A GIRL???

Scarlet Johanson's voice is amazing 

"as eye popping the cg may be, what really wowed me was Neel Sethi's 
performance in the scenes featured in this trailer. For a newcomer, he 
impresses with me with how he handles his role in scenes that are obviously 
tense, terrifying, fast paced and a serious adrenaline rush! Story of young 
Mowgli's life."

Is kaa had a sex change operation

"  







Don't forget to leaf a like"

Michael Bay's The Jungle Book

Life of Pi: Jr. edition

awesome movie jungle book waiting .....

OHHHHHHHH SNAP!

"Why does everyone think that making something ""epic"" makes it good? 
Everything is ""epic"" now. Everything is cheapened."

"The Jungle book turned into some senseless action movie. 
omg if Walt Disney saw this... he would not be happy."

HISSSSSSSSSSSSS LEAF A LIKE

Baloo loks op as fuck

"I'm not saying that this movie is bad or anything, but my Dad told me about 
how he used to work on a live-action version of The Jungle Book that used 
REAL ANIMALS on a REAL SET. I thought we were supposed to boost our 
creativity from years ago, this looks like a huge step backwards. :("

Trailer is driving me CRAZYYYYYY!

Looked quite good until I saw Jon Faverau was directing...

This is going to be amazing

This is going to be so bad

I'm so excited! The cast looks super cool

that sher khan v/s bagheera fight is the u.s.p. of this film for me

ScarJo voice makes me chill

"I'm
Going insane wanting to see this movie "

Disney makes horror movies now?!

the ending got Me hooked

smells like shit.

smells like shit

smells like shit

What's the trailer Music's title?

hhjytyt

hhjytyt

"Do Sinbad and the Seven Seas and let Brad Pitt star as Sinbad like in the 
Movie"

"All i see is green, all i see is color green.
I would not mind CGI if it did not look like shit. CGI in 2015 is far from 
perfect, it is like watching a cartoon character in the middle of a movie, 
just does not look real."

Where's Lion King?

"Well I saw pan and could'nt find ONE good about it during the entire 
film(it's the WORST peter pan film ever). Which makes dought this movie 
will be any better."

this looks awsome

"King Louie Gigantopithecus and Kaa very big snake is this a Prehistoric 
Jungle?. 
if Disney make a live action Dumbo they will turn Dumbo into a Wooly 
mammoth... 

This still looks like a Good! film tho."

"Kaa is a female? Seriously, Disney!? That was my favourite character from 
the animated version, and you screwed it up!"

love the trailer

Would everyone prefer her(Kaa) to be friend(the book) or foe?

am I the only one who knew it was scarlett Johansson

"No! Why?? why remake a classic cartoon? Is this everything Hollywood can do 
at this point? Remakes?"

"I don't know what to expect, but I hope the movie is not as tryhard ""epic"" 
as the trailer."

"Wassup, Spectacular Work. numberless grin What's your opinion about this, 
guys"

"Looks interesting but...Live action with talking animals though....hmmmm. 
Dont fuck this up Disney.
The visuals look amazing"

VFX are seriously better than Jurassic World

"to ""TheSuperQuail""or ""Gunsandglory1"" or ""WhoEverTheFcukItIs"". IF you see 
the thumbsUPs and DOWNs, It is 200times UPs rather than DOWNs. So sorry 
bitches, your views doesn't matter."

What if they made a live action remake of the Iron Giant?

I got goosebumps.

holy shit can't wait to see the gritty version of the bare necessities!

Wassup, You're A Natural. black irritate What's your opinion about this 1!

"look at the size of the mother fcking snake!! it could easily crush the 
sh*t ouf of that.. scar or whatever that cat face is called"

This looks beyond epic!

Why is everybody complaint about the green screen? This looks awesome!

"Mowgli,
  
   
 "

"Are you fucking kidding me.
Not only did the mowgli movies suck now they make a live-action movie about 
it.
Holy shit hollywood."

"Brov, Baloo better say, ""Gone man. Solid goooone"" when the Monkeys start 
singing."

"The tiger shown is not Bengal Tiger its Siberian Tiger 
The Bear is Grizzly not Indian tropical bear
The Kaa is female
The alpha monkey is Orangutan which is not found in India
Finally all this animals mostly north hemisphere animals are roaming in 
tropical rainforest of India.
Apart from this little imperfections the movies CGI looks goddamn amazing."

Cool.

Most Awaiting .... wanna love to watch it... wow

"Okay one, Kaa looks frickin' horrifying. And two, if they are in fact 
keeping the original musical numbers in, King Louis is gonna be a frickin' 
HOOT!"

"pan just tanked in cinema........ if this also tanks i may get to see a 
black man play Tarzan.................."

Everything Jon Favreau does is magical.

Where are the crows

"This is terrifying. I'm seriously going to have nightmares. Fucking giant 
monkey"

Hey there, How Original. society embarrassed

fuck scarlet voice!!!!!!!

"As much as I truly loved the original movie, I didn't like the ending 
(SPOILER ALERT) where Mowgli just went to the Man Village without saying 
goodbye to Baloo or Bagheera. So in this one, I hope they do the ending in 
a better way."

This looks pretty awesome.

"The stupid cartoon that they made with bear singing songs have nothing to 
do with the book,the book was darkish, full of danger and meaningfull. So 
yeah, i am glad upcoming movie looks more like it. Ww have to wait and see."

"Oh great now I am even more creeped out about the snake :,D but the film 
looks outstanding and can't wait for this to come out!!"

why does this trailer make the movie look like an epic action movie???

Jon Favreau? Shit, don't let him ruin my childhood.

Super movie mass

O M G !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Bagheera is gorgeous

"this looks AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the kid thats playing Mowgli looks exactly like Mowgli"

"I am not sure how to feel about Kaa being voiced by a women. No hate on 
Scarlett Johansson but I'm not sure hmmmm... Guess I'll just have to wait 
and see how this plays out."

This film looks like it will be awkwardly bad

"I'm sorry but Baloo Bear is a SLOTH Bear which live in a jungle 
environment. That is a Grizzly Bear in this not needed reboot. They live on 
much colder northern climates like Canada, USA and Russia"

YES NO WHITEWASHING

DO NOT FUCK THIS UP

that music in 1:28 remind me something, but i can't find out what....

"Speaking of movies made like this... is anyone dying to have a Kenneth 
Oppel book made into a movie? Like Airborn, Skybreaker, Starclimber, and 
Darkwing? Just speaking my mind but those would be epic if directed and 
made correctly."

I just pray this movie won't fuck up my childhood like Pan did

"Disney is now making live action remakes of some of their old animated 
movies and this movie looks awesome, but there is one animated movie that I 
think deserves a live action remake: The Lion King. If they pull this 
Jungle Book movie off, then they can pull off a live action Lion King 
movie."

why is Kaa not winnie the pooh.

"Wtf if I was a kid watching this my pants would be already full of shit. 
Seriously Dysney? Nobody looked at this and thought ""Hey, this will be 
kinda scary for children to watch with all real-life ass tigers and shit""?"

"As an Indian, this was so much a part of my childhood. I always wanted to 
find the jungle where Mowgli lived (I was a kid), until maturity kicked in! 
;-)

Loved the Hindi version of Jungle book with that awesome title music and 
the spine chilling voice of Nana Patekar as Sher khan!

Hope Hollywood doesnt screw up this one!"

Does anyone know what that cool song was in the background?

everyone complaining bout that bear. bitch I love bears

It was supposed to be an Asian Black Bear not the Grizzly Bear.

Can't wait !!

Me

I used to love WOWGLI as a baby, 30 years later I still love him.

Heading to the jungle tomorrow. Hopefully not as scary as this!

"LORDT, i didn't know it was live action, i thought it was supposed to be 
animation. YASS"

Directed by Micheal Bay

3,497 people had no childhood.

from this trailer it feels to me like Johanssen was miscast for the snake.

this movie seems darker than the cartoon

Look Awesome

So we will have this version and Serkis' version in a year gap?

"shit..I cant believe this is happening....it is soo awesome ..my whole 
childhood was spent watching the jungle book series ..now they're making 
the movie !!"

I want live action Aladdin.

Why all the hate? It actually looks like it'll be better in my opinion.

Is it just me or is Kaa's CG female form is creeper?

woooooo...................just waiting..........

"who else think this is an absolute copy of the 90s NES game 'the Jungle 
Book'? (if you remember!!)"

"just a few days ago we were talking about how beautiful that movie was and 
they should fix it a little bit cus it was amazing. im so excited i just 
hope they dobt screw it"

OH YM HGOE D OH MY FOS I WANT TO WATCH RHIS MOVIE SO ABD

Would baloo to spit on me and shag my ring piece

Dang it, I wanted Benedict Cumberbatch to voice Shere Khan :/

Cant you create new storys? Or are all new movies just remakes now?

release date??????????

Please don't fuck up my childhood

and wolves? where the wolves are?

King Louie should have been Steve Buscemi.

LUPITA!!!!!

Does anybody know the song that was used in this trailer?

What?! Disney makes horror movies now?

this actually looks badass

they need to do beauty and the beast

"Dafuck I just found out that this one is from Disney, but that Warner Bros. 
Is coming in october 2017 with another jungle book version..... Interesting"

"It actually looks good in my opinion. Don't know what the hate is all 
about. I love jungle book but you've gotta move on to something new"

I'm gonna love this

lol

OMG I cant wait

Too good

wow. Fantastic!! Can't wait to see it.

"And now lets mix Mowgli with Harry Potter and make a new type of fantasy 
movie!"

Boy..Oh boy.

"Anyone knows the song at 1:28 ?? I'm pretty sure it's from Audiomachine, 
Immediate Music, Two Steps from hell or something like that but I can't 
recognize the song..."

"this movie looks like it'll scare tf outta any 5 year old that plans to see 
it"

"That haunting ""bare necessities"" whistle...was a brilliant bit to add in 
the end of this trailer...for anyone thats a fan of The Jungle Book 
1967...would get excited by that whistle"

... where did all the happiness go?:'(

i like the part with the CGI.

"animals looks nowhere close to life of pi, seems like they just couldnt get 
it right"

"This is actually looks promising! The King Louie part got me goosebumps! 
Can't wait to see Mowgli and King Louie scene in the movie!"

"How the hell a brown bear and one Orangotang are living in the jungles of 
India?"

Scarlett's voice is so seductive 

If bear necessities is not sung I will be very disappointed.

"Not sure if I should be really exited.. or utterly disappointed. I loved 
the original Disney Jungle Book, it was my every day, and this looks like a 
beasting reboot, but what's with all the CG being shoved our faces? Can't 
we have some of that old fashioned animated goodness? I'd much appreciate 
some more of that.

Edit: Obviously, if you read the previous line, you'd understand I'm 
wanting traditional Disney animation, not live action in place of CG live 
action. -How does that even make sense?"

That whistle at the end

"The trailer looks like it's aimed to teens and adults. But will it really 
be that way?"

I'm so glad the snake is actually menacing

"I wonder if this movie is going to be like the Hunger Games where Mowgli 
has to win and survive himself from the evil animals that will go after and 
kill him"

"so i've watched this 17 million times , guess i can watch it couple more 
millions."

"If the cgi animals gonna sing I think the bare necessities and I wanna be 
like you is gonna be the strangest in Cgi!"

"So they can competently re-animate The Jungle Book with beautiful CGI 
animations and darker story line, But they can't even consider to 
re-animate The Lion King, and instead make a tv show about it on Nick 
Juniour?"

"This looks like a fun film. I know it's in the original story but as this 
is a live action movie it's strange seeing a grizzly bear in India."

If this movie turns out to be good I hope they remake Aladdin next

anyone know the name of trailer music in this please??????? :)

"when she says ""trusssssssssttttttttt in me.........""..... 

my genitals already signed the contract of all my personal belongings, 
funds, and will over to her lmao"

Check our reaction of the trailer on our channel :)

YES!

"That should be a ""Sloth Beat"" not a ""Grizzly"". Already messed up. Please 
don't fuck my childhood in the ass."

i thought benedict cumberbatch was going to be in this movie.

yay finally bagheera and shere khan will fight

Why is Kaa suddenly female? o,

"WoW! 17 million views!
it must be more than stars in space."

The best thing about the original was the bad ass songs, so...

i hope this movie does well for lupita n'yongo's sake

Oh so this is where Richard Parker goes after Pi

Looks so cool!

Hope Disney doesn't mess this up

"I really hope Chirstopher Walken plays as the tiger
""Oh, boy, look at that, human, get in my, mouth,yum,yum"""

The river in the intro and end is from Jurassic World.

"Finally a reboot that won't taint my childhood memories *cough* ninja 
turtles *cough*"

Where are the wolves

Where are the wolves

oh kaa you scary mofo

Hold up! Why does the snake have a female voice?

"You know I came to watch this trailer to get to see a cherished childhood 
film re-imagined, and instead I see people in the comments bickering about 
race.... For the love of god people are so stupid......"

Christopher Walken, he better be playing Nick in this.

I cant believe theres two jungle book movies coming

Why the hell did they make Kaa a girl? That's stupid...

Is this King Kong.

soooo...indian tarzan.

Isn't Kaa supposed to be male? Then why does Scarlett Jo voice it

Kaa - a female? interesting...

SO COOL

They better not screw this up.

dont fuck this up disney dont fucking fuck this up

Wtf, Kaa is female, and Baloo is a brown bear. GG Disney...

i hope this is good...

Now I want a live action Lion King

"It looks amazing but... why isn't this just a 3D animated movie? It has 
like, 90% cgi why not make whole?"

Adventures of Mowgli?

*THIS IS DUMB!!! THIS IS SO DUMB!!!*

I love Scarlett.

"Bagheera vs. Sherkhan?
Don't fuck this up, Disney"

They're making movies out of all the animated classics

"Kipling was one of my favorite authors as a kid (second only to Lewis 
Carroll). I hope they make this closer to the books than the Disney movie. 
That said, Kaa is male. So that already bodes badly."

Make the lion king alive!!! Pleacccc

"It looks sick tho tbh but I thought the snake was a male in the cartoon tho 
but alwell can't wait 2 see it"

ohhhhh tro coolo The jungle book official US Teaser trailer

"Scarlet sounded like this soothing motherly figure and then turns out shes 
a fucking anaconda, that's simply great"

okay the ending with the whistling got to me

Who's voicing baloo?

AMAZING. Waiting for the movie to release..

"So if this is all cgi, then the kid would be just standing in green wall 
and carpet?"

More like Tarzan to me

"Just imagine.. There will be a generation that think this is the original 
O.o"

This actually looks good

"Hell of a Cast, hope some scenes are made authentic as per the books not 
Hollwood hollwood..."

I got shivers... please don't mess this up Disney

Scarlett's voice tho 

"is this going to be an Action movie?? they killed the singing and the fun 
of the animals, sure it might do good as an action movie, but i want a 
singing baloo"

This looks good, but DON'T MESS THIS UP PLEASE I WANT IT TO BE GOOD SO BAD

I'm just sitting here waiting for "The incredibles 2"

"Okay....what are they going to fill this story with? Disney movies barely 
make 1.5 hours because of songs, and songs in this movie don't seem like a 
good idea, what are they gonna fill it with?"

That whistle almost make me cry, because of the feelings!!

was the snake female in the animated version?

"Somehow I don't think the bear will capture the essence of the animated 
Baloo...
Also love how most of these actors are associated with Marvel"

Aladdin, Snow White, The Little Mermaid PLS!

"why is the snake a girl? if your going to stay so true to the story to have 
a panther and a tiger and a bear living in the same fucking jungle then why 
did you need to gender swap the snake to be some kind of seductress?"

And thrust in me

"Okay, so we have two Jungle Book adaptations coming at us in the next two 
years, one is a live action remake of the classic Disney cartoon and the 
other is a from scratch adaptation of the Kipling novel.

If you're worried that the Disney remake will suck, it might. But it won't 
ruin the classic, and if you don't like it, just watch the Warner Bros. 
version. If you're worried that the WB version will suck, it might. Life 
goes on, we still have the classic Disney version (although I would argue 
that it's rather subpar for classic Disney) and we still can live with all 
the Jungle Book movies that we have already. Trust me, there are a lot."

"I cannot wait for this film to hit the theaters!! BTW, Does anyone know 
when the second book of The Welcome Cure Trilogy is supposed to be released 
on iTunes? I downloaded the first Ebook Nefarious Welcome Cure Trilogy book 
1 and it was rad! Quick read but full of action!"

"I actually had a breakdown when he starting whistling the song at the 
end..please don't mess this up for any of us please please please.."

"Why should I watch a movie again in which I know the story? I don't get 
it..."

Whats with the dramatic music? Its fuckin junglebook.

this looks so badass

"broooh im 20 and i will be first in line!!! this is my childhood. i use to 
watch this movie so many times"

THIS LOOKS AMAZING!

director of Iron Man?????????

"Looks astonishing, but why make us wait so long if the movie's probably 
already done?"

Looks great!

that snake is so creepy

"This looks weird and scary and it should never have been touched the 
original was the best uggg"

The ending gave me the chills, hopefully they don't screw it up

waiting

"OMG! This CGI-looks so bad and unfinished. I excpected something better. 
This triler is a big dissapointment for me."

"This was my favourite movie as a kid and I am actually so excited for this, 
it's ridiculous!!!"

Idk why I got this strong feeling that Disney will fuck it up.

My god. Dramatic much? It's the Jungle book for christ's sake..

"I thought it was the wolf mother or whatever that talked... but I guess Kaa 
is female now."

"I assume that this'll be a way more darker adaption of it, otherwise the 
ape wouldn't be fucking gargantuan (as well as Ka being scarier than the 
Basilisk in Chamber of Secrets)"

Try Live a Live Action Cars You Bollywood Douches

"Disappointed in myself for not know who was voicing the snake. And I call 
myself a fangirl of her work :("

I always used to think the little boy was a girl..

"That panther is probably voiced by Idris Elba, why do I say that? Don't 
know."

"When she said 'You know where you are?', i was so hoping she would say 
'Youre in the jungle baby!'"

"This looks..AWESOME! I always hated the original Jungle Book for reasons I 
do not know. (don't judge.) Also, does that snake look trustworthy to 
anyone? No? i didn't think so."

"While seeing the names of who's in the film, I was really hoping 
Christopher Walken was going to be Baloo just for the irony that he hated 
the bears in The Country Bears (remember that terrible movie? I 
do...unfortunately), but King Louie works too. I need this movie to be 
good."

god I'm so erect right now

"I'm so glad this wasn't a white kid (I'm not against whites, it's just nice 
to see a brown person be main once in a while)"

"I can't even distinguish the animations from the real life scenes 
anymore... looks amazing."

omg the music

This looks AMAZING!!! Now they just need a remake of the Lion King.

is scarlett johannson the snake? i love her voice.

This is beautiful

this movie looks really good in this trailer i cant wait!!!!

SOOOO FREAKIN EXCITED

"Wait so we still get the cheery up beat songs? Because thats not the 
impression the rest of that trailer gave off :/"

This... actually looks amazing!

man cubs stand up!

"Yeah that bear looks nothing like The Jungle Book bear. Wish it were a sun 
bear or something in context, cause that shit just looks like a brown bear 
you can find in North America."

"awesome!! i have read the the book and i liked it and it is amazing to see 
the movie"

I was excited when idris name was their

I think this might actually be a winner

"Bare neccesities.....jungle book was fun to watch...dnt try and make this 
serious"

Will there be songs. Cause those are my bare necessities

"Im so glad Nagini found work after Harry Potter, people dont understand the 
difficulties those like her face in the real world."

Let me guess, the Walken voices king Louie?? Excellent choice!

Why is King Louie like 70ft taller ???

We interrupt this movie to bring King Kong's Ginger Brother !

"That moment when you realise this is the prequel to the rise of the planet 
of the apes"

Christopher walken. Has to be a vulture

Where are the singing VULTURES!!

Can someone explain the whistle

"Seriously disney, get it together.
Nobody watched cinderella aka the live action remake of a classic
so why the hell are you making another live action remake of a disney 
classic?!
Havent you learnt from your mistakes?
Also why did you give it a dark and serious tone, the orginal's bright and 
happy charm is what made it good! Its like making a horror film out of the 
smurfs, it just dosent work!
Don't get me wrong, a remake could have worked a bright CGI pixar movie 
could have probably worked with the right style and charm yet this looks 
like a failure already.
I can' wait to wach this in the cinemas and laugh uncontrolably at the 
fucking 
yao guia singing bear nessesitys. Nobody wants to watch your shitty live 
action movies.
You know what, I'm not even going to buy this to try teach you a lesson. 
(Also its not worth any amount of money) Good job, morons"

Nobodys going to watch this THE MOVIE

"I am excited for this, but why do they feel it necessary that all trailers 
just be made up of BOOM BOOM BOOM *special effects* BOOM *oh wow jump over 
the canyon* BOOM BOOM *check out that cgi* BOOM? Ugh."

nice i use to watch mogli in ma childwood i loved it.

demi??? <3 <3

i like it .,.,nice

mogli is back ,,,,,,,,

Scarlett Johansson is such a sweetheart and outragously sexy and cute :)

Will they have the original songs? Movie looks fucking sick tho.

"Excelente Trailer! Escena favorita con la Serpiente ""and trust in me"" 
voz:Scarlett Johanson increble interpretacin!"

MAKE A ATLANTIS MOVIE THAT MOVIE IS AWESOME

better have fuckin singing

Might as well make a live action Lion King ;)

"ugh god. i hope this isn't another crappy edgy live-action reboot that 
exists only to be edgy."

it does look like it could be good!!!!

Rather looks like King Kong, not like King Louie to me....

looks good but I have concerns

this looks like a cool video game..oh wait its a movie...??

"If that fucking CGI orangutan does not sing ""OOBEEDOO I WANT TO BE LIKE U U 
U!"" I'm gonna loos it!"

"Not hating on this movie at all, but where is the love for the 1994 movie 
that had real animals. I remember watching that as a Lil kid...one of my 
favorites growing up"

No  "I wanna be like you" = fail

Will the animals actuallly talk?

This dont look like a childrens movie

"Must admit this looks cool, just surprised they didnt get Liam Neeson, 
Dwayne Johnson or Vin Diesel to play the part of Mowgli."

Looks amazing

a female Kaa, in a live action movie? my fetish has come true

"There is something about this Trailer, ,Brings me back to hear and see 
it..Awesome..."

jungle book

"Holy crap, the cast!
but I'm still skeptical"

song?

"take
my
money
NOW"

HOLYSHHHHHHH

OMFG.

I'm sick of all these live-action remakes. Fuck.

"+Disney Movie Trailers When is Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No 
Tales teaser trailer coming out online?"

Last time I remembered the snake was a guy !

this looks AWESOME

!!! 

Oh Baloo, what have they done to you?!

Maugli

"NO ! NO ! NO ! what are you doing ???!!! leave The Jungle Book ALONE !!!! 
PLEASE!!!! PLEASE!!!!"

Sooooooooo, do they sing?

"Is this The Jungle Book or a King Kong prequel, Look at the size of that 
ape"

what is this junglebook with a spice of BATMAN

awesome sucse

great

"Hey, Friends be the part of this amazing new horror Journey...
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.exelo.dark&hl=en"

Sssscarlett Johansssson

I bet Bill murry will be the bear

Looks cool, but I don't remember half of this from the jungle book...

Ooo can Disney make a live action Aladdin now? That would be so cool!

With just the bare necessities of life! Yeah man!

"Arent there two jungle book that one with the pencil animation (jungle book 
1st) then the jungle book twi the one with bear nececities song made by 
disney I think then this ?"

Lmao the snake eyes are not even looking at the boy

"wow that CG looked as bad as the Hobbit movies. why didn't they just use 
real animals like the old jungle book movie did?"

Yubie du i wanna like you

"I wanted to name my brother Mowgli as a kid. My parents wouldn't let me . 
They named him Drew instead."

"Awesome clip I want to see the movie when it comes out
"

What a good movie. I didn't see it coming xd :v

"Looks cool, but they could have chosen a more hypnotic voice for the role 
of Kaa. ScarJo just doesn't do it for me. :/"

that final whistle , memories anyone?

This looks just as epic as any upcoming Marvel or DC movie to be honest.

I hope this is good.

Not yet sure how I feel about this. I think it could go either way.

If walken isn't king Louie I've lost faith in this movie

I love that they actually cast a kid of color to play mogli

"So many negative comments. I think this looks badass. The trailer gave me 
chills :D"

"The worst thing about this upcoming movie is i hav to wait until next year 
Damn"



@1:27 Why is the orangutan so fucking HUGE?!!

Music is Epic

"One question why does Disney has to story's about a person living in the 
jungle???"

Transformers

why did they give the snake a womens voice?

"I wonder if the music will be updated to the chart music of today? It'll be 
like 'Bear Necessities ft. Nicki Minaj & Jason Derulo (Avicii Remix)'"

just acting with green screen and you get money....hollywood style

"i think this movie will be more special in india than any country in the 
world"

Nice movie!

"The green Screen Jungle. Featuring badly done CGI characters.
Disney, stop raping my childhood. (Well, already did with The Book of 
Jungle 2)"

"overload of memory's... I can still remember the last fight in the cartoon 
movie"

Christeropher Walken?! Now I have to see this!

No! Bad Disney! You leave the classics alone!

After this pls make the movie on Shree Krishna the loving god.

"I hope and pray that this film doesn't turn out to be like an epic movie . 
The first jungle book was so funny and unique. One can still watch it and 
not feel that it was made decades ago. Somehow this trailer doesn't quite 
portray the elements of careless fun and frolic . This isn't in the LOTR 
bracket"

<3 wait for <3

Ugh, this looks so bad >_< ' )

great

Cool movie, they should put the full thing on YouTube.

"Puzzled.....whether it will be good or it will ruin everything i knw abt 
Mowgli & Jungle Book.....but ya these heavy figures & CGI killing the 
nostalgic factor!"

This is going to be freaking Epic!!!! Let's Goooo!!

it is my childhood show

i want participate this pic....

"So I gotta ask that question: does anyone know what the song(s?) used in 
this trailer is/are? I think it may be more than one but I'm not sure."

"Because when I think King Louie, I think Christopher Walken
Seriously for as stupidly awesome as that casting choice is, can't you just 
imagine him singing Louie's little ""I wanna be like you"" song in the 
original?"



I love Disney movies this is a remake

awwww yisssss

"Looks pretty badass to me. Screw this ""ruining my childhood"" crap. No one 
is ruining your childhood so calm down."

"What happens when Hollywood runs out of movies and television shows to 
remake? Will they remake a movie based on a remake of an original film? The 
creative drought of our entertainment shouldn't be subsidized by buying a 
ticket."

Looks way better than the new Peter Pan movie.

Sure y not

I honestly have a lot of faith in this!

Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm

"Best part of being a parent........ I get to make an excuse to see this 
movie!! Looks awesome !!!!"

"BOOOOO! Why can't you leave our childhoods alone! Come up with something 
original! Oh wait, that requires effort!"

"Anyone reminded old days!
#nostalgic"

CGI, CGI everywhere...

Bill Murray:O

"I wish the Disney studio was going to remake THE RESCUERS DOWN UNDER (1990) 
but the title should be called CODY AND MARAHUTE, just like the title to 
MALEFICENT (2014)."

"From 1966 to 2016, Walt Disney had died while making THE JUNGLE BOOK 
(1967). To this day Walt would be please to see this remake."

"Make new movies! Not these awful live action movies! Come on Disney be 
creative"

am i the only one thats actually really excited for this?

Why?

But why though?

Hmmmmm.....

Since when did King Louis became King Kong ???

I like jungles...

I wonder if they will sing?

"I think this look absolutely fantastic, and I'm so beyond excited to see 
it! I'm digging Scarlet as Ka, especially! Love all her lines in this 
trailer <3"

"From the studio that made Pirates Of The Caribbean and the director of Iron 
Man?
Sign me the fuck up!"

Tarzan 2.0

"Christopher Walken as Shere Khan 

""From now on, nothing goes down unless I'm involved. A man cub gets lost in 
the jungle, I want in."""



"The director of Iron Man brings you The Jungle Book. lols for the balls 
man."

all cgi i bet

Man I love jungle book soo good I love the monkeys <3

wt a pridictable story

its blackbusters movie ...superb

what the fuck is up with king louie

Backfisch

Real awesome!

But where are the bear necessities :(

Excelent

"I'm actually hoping that Kaa is one of the good guys here and that *she* 
takes up the role of one of Mowgli's mentors."

Maybe Bagheera will actually do something in this one

This is gonna be (F)ucked up compared to the book

"How much does everyone want to bet that this movie will be no where near as 
good as the animated version. Seriously!"

This looks so dark

"Andy Serkis is directing a Jungle Book movie too, in 2017. WB is 
distributing"

this was awesome, to bad there's 3,317 people who dislike it

'Sigh' ...Haven't we had *Enough* Jungle Book movies?

"BRA BRA BRA THE SNAKE IS MALE AINT IT? I thought it was a guy... Wtf... Meh 
it looks like it gonna be a good movie"

"Hey, please download Gastrobots from the AppStore, just give it a try, 
you'll really like it! "

"Next, The Lion King!! :D 

"

"Are they going to perform the songs differently now to fit the new version 
of this film? Cause it looked like they are going to turn it to a more 
serious and bad ass adventure film as compared to the original film."

"Next: Digimon disney version :) or Pretty Cure disney version 


I don't like Pokmon"

I hope to see action and drama in this movie

"please tell me christopher walken is one of the vultures.... he has to be.. 
he would be perfect for that."

"Say the opposite of these words:

1. Always
2. Staying
3. From
4. Take
5. Me
6. Down"

The animals better talk like in the cartoon or I'mma bout to be mad here

How the heck did I get this google account one day it just came

"bill murray as baloe cant go wrong! christopher walken as king louie... add 
what you want"

"I can't believe grown men are literally saying that their childhood is 
ruined because this movie looks different than the animated version. Quit 
complaining like you're still a child and get over it. This movie looks 
intense and I'm definitely looking forward to watching it."

"Haven't cared for Disney's other recent live action remakes of their 
animated classics but i'm really looking forward to this(mostly cause of 
the amazing fucking cast)."

"When Kaa said ""trust in me"" at 1:08 was that in a song from the cartoon 
movie"

0:56 deez nuts

I never realized we could make CGI animal look amazing

I still dont get why its called Jungle"BOOK" ?

"Yes it is a remake of the classic animated feature but it appears to draw 
more faithful source material from the kipling books."

awesome :-D

"You know Baloo looks more like a north American grizzly bear than an 
Asiatic sun bear."

"""I'll keep you closssseee"" ...... Oh I bet you will with your 90PSI 
crushing squeeze...."

I love Disney animated films and the jungle book was one of my favorites!

They should make a lion king action movie

 !

"I thought it was Andy Serkis (the guy who played Gollum in The Lord of the 
rings) who was to direct it?
Oh snap.. this is disappointing for me, though the trailer looks awesome."

"don't remember this film being about a child who runs from every animal in 
the jungle but then again.......what is this movie about?"

That was a huge frikin monkey at the temple

Dude this looks epic

Finially a good comment section on a trailer!

Indian author Indian cartoon series Indian characters Hollywood upcoming

"King Louie featured in this movie is not orangutan. He belongs to long 
extinct race of Gigantopithecus (literally meaning Giant Monkey), 
prehistoric ancestor of orangutans. The rights to the original character 
from 1967, which was invented for that movie and doesn't appear in 
Kipling's novel, since orangutans don't live in India, still belong to 
family of Louis Prima, who voiced and was inspiration for the character. 
While essentially being remake of 1967 movie, this movie tries to 
incorporate elements of both Kipling's book and 1967 movie."

"well, it looks like after MANY years of trash, Disney FINALLY made 
(recycled...) something (maybe) good..."

I need the fucking music from this

trailer making rhis look like an action, thriller, survival filn

ooo cant wait for it looks great

Amazing!

Oh my God this is AWESOME! :D I love Bagheera! :D

"ohhh please, another remake???? seriously??? this movie is not ""Jungle 
Book"" is ""CGI Book"""

will be super i m sure :) can t wait to see it

Definitely looking forward to watching this in theaters

fucking dislike public

childhood ruined

"i always thought jungle book was a happy story, why is this trailer so 
scary."

"this looks pretty cool but serious af still i love and still love this 
movie"

Sa rappelle l'enfance tout a !!! :)

So many animals,this is a pretty brave girl!

I'm waiting

"Scarlett's voice would have not been my first choice for Kaa. Favreau has 
worked with Famke Janssen a few times on film. I would have gone with her. 
Her voice would be perfect for Kaa!"

Disney presents Jumanji: The other side

I guess everything has to be dark and gloomy nowadays.

Tarzan confirmed

"It looks great and the voice cast is amazing!!! Damn, even Christopher 
Walken is in it!!! But non the less this is just a try out to make a live 
action of the Lion King, wich offcourse is not live action but complitly 
CGI, just like 99% of this movie"

"I don't mind Kaa being a girl in this version, but I have a friend who 
actually wants Jim Cummings to voice him again.
Fucking retard."

unnecessary

"I have mixed feelings about this movie. In any case at least we'll have the 
cartoon if all else fails. P.S Since there are over 15+ Mil who are 
interested in seeing the jungle book, here is something to suggest for you 
all to view before you see this movie. It's called, *(1989)The Jungle Book 
Adventures of Mowgli* It's 52 episodes long and it's not a bad sit in to 
watch with the family."

"speechless. stunned. so excited! i was 5 years old when i saw Disney's The 
Jungle Book in theaters in 1967. and this is one remake i will NOT MISS! so 
AWESOME!"

The theme looks bit similar to pirates

the snake is a male why a female voice?

When are we getting Tarzan?

"Dear Disney:
If you do shit with star wars and the JungleBook my childhood from year 3- 
10 will be destroyed in my memories."

"Now I'm thinking that is this movie does good, it will, then they will make 
The Lion King movie after 2020 because they listed all the movies to 2020, 
and The Lion King wasn't there."

kaa and louie freak me out

"A new dark grim and edgy ""re-imagining"" to the classic we've all been 
waiting for, THE FUCKING JUNGLE BOOK!! PERFECT!"

"I have a dream ! This dream is a futur where Disney make Chinese 
/french/spanish subtiles for their blogbusters because she understand she 
is a multinational "

So much black background with stupid voice

"The artwork looks amazing, like that poster at the end. Makes you feel both 
nostalgic and gives you a sense of high adventure.

High adventure, new frontiers...these are things I miss in cinema."

this actually looks pretty dope

"To live as animals do, is against God. Just look at Muslims. I pray that 
young people do not take example from this nonsense and read the Bible 
instead."

WHY!!!!!

"I think I'll like Scarlett but a guy snake like in the original would've 
been best IMO"

"WHY. WHY GODFUCKINGDAMMIT WHY?! YOU PIECES OF SHIT ARE RUINING EVER GOOD 
MOVIE THERE EVER WAS. STOP MAKING FUN MOVIES INTO SHITTY DRAMATIC LIVE 
ACTION ONES."

"I hope I ain't the only one who teared up a little when the whistling 
started playing. lol Anyway, I'm really looking forward to this movie."

fake !!! i didnt see scarlet johanssen

"I gotta say, this looked incredible right up until I saw the snake actually 
talking.I kinda wish they had gone for it and made a movie without any 
dialogue. Just animals instinctively protecting this young boy and the boy 
having to make his way through the jungle."

"You know why they're remaking this movie?Because it's a F*CKING good movie 
and the modern special effects are incredible. It's not replacing the 
original, it's just another version of a great story."

Do a live action beauty and the beast

"Before I even started the trailer I was like ""I will not be satisfied till 
I see Baloo"""

"By the time I got to :30 seconds I was like "".....is that Scarlett 
Johansson?"""

"brought to you by a production crew with no imagination and no creativity 
the movie remake squad!
with the inability to create a new developed coherent story line with 
lovable characters disney gave up on trying to entertain you with something 
new so they decided to rehash and remake already good movies in hopes you 
will pay money to re-enjoy them in another way"

"at least this jungle book remake will probably be better than the first 
live action remake of the jungle book"

Sadness and discussed

why did they make kaa a girl, why just why?!

damm i hate Scarlet Johanson voice

Mogali...................

lmao fuck this.

THIS DID NOT NEED TO BE REMADE HOLLYWOOD PLEASE FUCK OFF STOP REMAKING SHIT



Where's The wolves?

"The Official game is out now !!
Thanks all !!

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.Indie.Gravity"

"Why?

Silly me. I know the answer to that. Cash. Cash trumps all considerations 
of taste and decency. I hope it bombs harder than Ishtar."

The amount of CGI in movies.. it's nauseating.

very nice

"I can't believe some idiots believe Disney created the Jungle Book, the 
story wrote Rudyard Kipling.
I hope that relies a bit more on the book.
And the dumbest thing I read is that now all ruined your chilhood."

I have this book

Egar to see Mogli in Indian 3d Cinema Theaters

"WE request Disney to plz release this movie in all INDIAN LANGUAGES within 
INDIA..."

"waiting to watch this beautifull story .... our childhood memories are 
incomplete without speaking about JUNGLE BOOK mogliee...."

1:10 i hate that sound >n<

"Wait waitwaitwaitwaitwaitwaitwaitwaitwaitwaitwait wait wait... WAIT... 
Christopher Walken? As Sher Khan? Sign me up"

"Looks great, but the whole ""feel"" or ""theme"" of the movie doesn't seem to 
accommodate such jolly tunes as ""Bear Necessities"". I hope they find some 
way to squeeze that song into the movie, it's probably the most memorable 
part of the original film for me."

"I just have one little question: why are the animals so gigantic compared 
to Mowgli?"

"Actually looks really good. I appreciate that they're not trying to 
recreate the cartoon and trying to be its own thing. Hope it pans out."

That's some scary stuff for a children's book

I want to see this one . . .

can we have the incredibles remake

"I am willing to give this a chance because the Cinderella live action was 
only good for kids not for the grown ups who had seen Cinderella a 
gazillion times since it came out and Maleficent was amazing. I am 
tentatively excited but please god don't fuck it up. The original animation 
is already amazing and the first live action was a work of fuckin art. 
Please god don't fuck it up."

"Fuck this I want to see a dancing / singing bear. Also the snake is a dude 
in the original."

"At first I was expecting something that would take a different turn, but 
then I saw Kaa speaking, at which point I wasn't sure, but did anyone else 
hear the whistle at the end? They can't mess this up."

"hollywood needs to stop with all the same stories on film and get their 
lazy butts to film new things. whats next, Titanic ll? Frankenstein Rises? 
600?"

i think i just died on the inside

love this book when i was a kid

This is nothing, A live action road to eldorado anyone?

Ka looks relatively large for an Indian rock python.

"Scarlett Johansen as the snake...Lupita N'yongo is in this too...I'm nearly 
sold"

CANT WAIT

I remember the original when he pulled the snakes tall "ding dong"

"I was awestruck by Bagheera when I was a kid. Black Panthers are such a 
rare melanistic variant. The only one I ever saw was at a zoo in Lucknow. 
Wish to visit the jungles of Kanha-Pench which were Kipling's inspiration.
However, about the trailer, while the CGI is amazing I remember Jungle Book 
as a more fun-filled world. Here it looks rather dark. And Scarlett as 
Kaa....Jungle Book was set deeply in India, Disney naturally aims for a 
global market so that's that."

This had better be good or I'll sue

The CGI Book

Why is Kaa voiced by a woman?

I so can't wait for this X-D

Where are the wolves?! You know, the ones who raised him?

Fingers crossed. I have a feeling this is going to be awesome.

"I'm feeling a bit conflicted about this one. On the one hand a 
remake/reboot does seem unnecessary since the old film was so great (sure 
it's aged a lot and the King Louie scenes are a little uncomfortable to 
watch due to the thinly veiled racism, but it's still great). On the other 
hand the special effects look pretty good and the cast seems good (I didn't 
realise until watching this trailer that Bill Murray singing ""The Bare 
Necessities"" and Christopher Walken singing ""I Wanna Be Like You"" are 
things that I desperately need in my life)."

that snake gave me massive goosebumps! cant wait for this

"Christopher Walken huh?
I, wanna BE, JUST, like you. Oh, I wanna walken like you, and talken, like 
you too. Oh!"

Walken, all I need to know.

deem feels

I'm not much one for remakes, but this looks good!!

"Why the hell is the orangoutang so huge? They're smaller than people in 
real life that thing is kong sized."

Is Mowgli a boy or a girl

Better not Maleficent this one as well, Disney!

"Oh my god that trailer is awesome first Maleficent,then Cinderella,now The 
Jungle book.What's next a real live action movie The Lion King or Aladdin 
or Hercules or Mulan or Snow white or Peter pan or Lilo & Stich or 
something else because I really confusing here."

"The voice cast looks amazing (personally I see nothing wrong with Johansson 
as Kaa) but Christopher Walken as the smooth talking King Louie kinda 
worries me. From this - and the way they've made him into a 
gigantic physically imposing ape, and the way he's chasing Mowgli in the 
trailer - it looks like they have diverted from the original movie and made 
Louie a sinister villain. I'm not sure how I feel about this, but we'll 
see."

Nice

"oh dear god they made Car a girl!!!!!!!!!!! well there goes my childhood 
down the drain....."

"Disney managed to make Jungle Book look bad ass?

*Flips Table*

I've seen it all now."

when is this released in the UK

"Curse you Disney!! Again you have ruined Kaa! Kaa is supposed to be MALE 
and he's supposed to be Mowgli's wisest mentor and one of his greatest 
friend! Damn you to hell, Disney."

Looks awesome!

"Here's an impression: ""You know.... Shere khan... Is going to try... To 
kill you.""

Who did I just do?"

amazing films to watch it .(mawkli)

Not everything needs a goddamn dramatic remake! STOP!

WHY!?

"Please stop messing with animated classics.
#enoughsaid"

where are the wolves ???

WHY IS SCAR JO THE SNAKE?

mother. of. pearl.

"a little sad the the bear is a grizzly it is innaccurate and makes the 
tiger seem less dangerous because there is a bear large enough for him to 
ride"

But do they sing?!

"jungle jungle pata chala hai chaddi pahnke phool khila hai..;) Only Indians 
will know that."

i hate bill murry

it looks good hopefully

EPIC TRAILERRRRR!!!!!

Can't wait for Baloo to sing, but maybe he just roars. IDK

"Wow! This trailer transformed the whole view of the animation story as very 
serious! Kind of sad that they didn't include the fun goofy bits in this 
trailer, and the CGI in my opinion is a little overpowering. But hey, 
overall it looks amazing. The Jungle Book is one of my favourite Disney 
Classics and I can't wait to see this interpretation of it."

holy fuckk this actually looks fuckkin awesome

Is it just me or is the snake a male voice in the animated version?

The ending was awesome, it def gave me childhood memories.

"Fairy tail live action movie actually on the second thought no it will be 
bad"

"wow what a way to kill a kids movie. it'll be a good action movie but this 
was part of my childhood man! don't fuck it up!"

"Christopher Walken as king Louie this alone makes me want to see this 
movie."

"For all the people complainging about this being a remake, remember: you 
probably haven't even read the original book."

I came twice

i think jungle book just got epic

here we go another classic ruined by Hollywood.

"Guys...if the snake has Scarlett Johansson's voice, it still might be a 
male."

"Alot of people hate me, alot of people love me, I got over 11,000 
subscribers on youtube, and 700,000 views, I really just want you to give 
this a shot, because alot of you have, and love it. come on guys help ..."

Freakin' amazing 

bravo

after iron man 2 no just no

nice

"I don't understand? Everyone's so butthurt. ""Awe, the original is obviously 
so much better! Snakes can't gender bend! A bear singing? Preposterous. I'm 
going to be incredibly opinionated before even seeing the movie!"" If that's 
the case, then when this movie comes out, watch the original. Who gives a 
fuck if the new one is worse or better. If it's worse, you can have your 
circlejerk about how you were right and throw parties to watch the old one. 
If it's better, than the upcoming generation will have something to connect 
with the older generation. GG."

"I'd like to see 21st Century Fox make a live action of Anastasia. Yes, I 
know that there was an old movie with a bald guy playing Dmitri, but I'd 
like one geared toward the animated version. All musical and beautiful."

STUPID!

Do you know if mowgli is supposed to be Chinese in this one?

wow

I swear if disney makes this a musical I will light fire to there children

This actually looks great, I'll def get blasted to see this

Well,at least Mowglis Disney design is still the same.

Okay now where is my Tarzan remake?

"Christopher Walken as king Louie? Fucking mint. ""Mowgli......... 
kid........ I wanna be like you....ooh, ooh....... HO!"""

"WHOA WHOA WHOA
HOLD THE PHONE
KHAA IS A GIRL IN THIS?
ARE YOU SHITEING ME"

Yo if the panther dies, then this movie will suck

OMG!!!!

,

is it weird that the whistle of the bear necessities gave me feels?

Love the huge snake

King Loui looks fuckin huge

Ookay...

the jungle book ftw :D

I believe that #junglebook is awesome

"Holy crap the snake (I forget his or now her name) is so awesome looking 
but really giant monkey ape thing?"

"this trailers music sounds like a mixture of ""the flash"" and ""lady in the 
water"""

what was the name of the character? maokley I think

"To the people who don't want Disney to ""**** up their childhood"" well 
that's what they did to the Jungle Book By Rudyard Kipling when they made 
that rather apocryphal animation in the first place, so why not do it again 
in CGI. Read the book instead. Kaa was one of Mowgli's best friends!"

Am I the only one who thinks kaa looks like Nagini?

AGAIN?!

"oh look at me im Disney. i remake classic movies into reboots because we're 
too fucking lazy to come up with anything new.

for fuck sake give us darkwing duck the animated movie or is DIsney no 
longer skilled enough to pull that off?"

I was never sure if Kaa was male or female.

You misspelled Bill Murray... It's Bill "fucking" Murray!

The Jungle Book EXTREME

watch jason scott lees version.

"I just don't understand people who say "" don't fuck up the original "". yeah 
I saw the original bear neccecities a while ago, but common the tech has 
evolved. we can always go back and watch the old toon."

bare necessities........

omg omg omg

"there are no grizzly bears in Indian, Baloo would have most likely been a 
sloth bear or Asian Black Bear"

Instant win

"Iam really very much of exited to watch this movie..Watching this movie 
will really be a great fun & I hope it will take me back to my wonderful 
childhood,s memories..loved to watch Mougli & his Jungle team mates when I 
was a little........unforgettable those Days,,"

Haters keep hatin.. i cant wait for this

I like the Jungle Book, but hate CGI animals....

I really hope they didnt forget the VULTURES!!!!

Jup that' ll get an oscar!

"with a movie like this saturated with CGI, i expected it to look 
bad......but this looks really impressive."

"The should had have gotten ""benedict cumberbatch"" as the voice for Shere 
khan..."

ft. King Kong

so that's what happened to the tiger from life of pi!

Mogliiii 

From this trailer I fail entirely to see any point to this film.

does he talk ? ??

"This must have been a very weird movie to act... mowgli running through 
green (or blue) screen, running from green screen, running towards green 
screen, riding green screen, jumping between green screens and looking 
towards the distant green screen..."

idriss will be The phanter I guess and Kingsley the tiger

Leave my childhood alone Disney!!!

"hopefully  this would be a faithful adaptation. if indeed as was written by 
earlier commentators we have a gigantopythecus as well, i would be so 
happy..."

Cringe.

This trailer is actually scary hahaha

I just hope they don't remake the lion king

"@TheJungleBook please release in the Kannada language too... we had enjoyed 
a lot...   ...(kannada version of Cartoon series)"

WHY SO SARY NO GOOD FOR KIDDOS

"Hate remakes of movies. The Jungle Book the way it was made way back 
when,was and will always be a classic."

"CGI: The Movie
Starring Christopher Walken
*I'll see it.*"

"every remake trailer comes out and ppl goes on blabbering abt how their 
CHILDHOOD's RUINED...i mean, get a lyf ppl!!!...your far gone childhood 
doesn't matter anymore...(at least not to those studios)...it's the present 
kids who matter..let them have their childhood,ryt?..my lil sis saw this 
disney's live action cinderella and was fascinated by it.., u don't expect 
the present kids to watch 1950s animation do u?..these movies r for those 
modern day kids,not fr u.."

"When is the Kannada version of this trailer coming out? Disney Movie - 
Please let us know."

"1:35 i fucking shit myself at that part.. as the other people said, please 
don't let this fuck up my childhood. the hopes, are high. now, it's up to 
them to deliver."

"Look for the bear necessities
The simple bear necessities
Forget about your worries and your strife
I mean the bear necessities
Old Mother Nature's recipes
That bring the bear necessities of life

oh man i love this. please don't screw the movie up, it was already perfect"

awesomeeee

"It's sad what happened to Disney. I've growen up with the original Jungel 
Book and what I see here is in my eyes...well it's just terrible."

When this film presents Please Please reply

Why is Kaa a female? O.o was it that way in the book?

Make a cartoon version of mary poppins xD *jk*

hollywood please stop it...it will never be as good as the original

I'm reeeally not sure about this one...

Erm, I assume there wouldn't be singing.

"jungle jungle bat chali hai pata chala hai..... chaddi pahan ke phul kila 
hai .... phul kila hai.... MMMM OOOO GGGG LLLLL IIIII :D"

"You know, I never watched the animated film but seeing this as a live 
action movie? Hell, yes."

"the bear doesn't look like funny.... i think they didn't put the humor on 
it.... i miss the old one"

"The Vultures that look like the Beatles need to be paid homage to in this 
movie or there will be problems. 

Despite Walken being King Louis."

"Christopher Walken is King Louie according to imdb. 

I just got sold on this movie. 

Ben Kingsley is Bagheera, which I can see.
Bill Murray is Baloo, which is pretty predictable - but he'll probably do 
great in the role. 
And Idiris Elba is Shere Kahn, which will be very interesting. 
I think some of the wolves will have speaking roles. Lupita is a character 
that's apparently a wolf according to the character cast list."

Baloo is a SLOTH BEAR!!!!!!!

"But...why? The original was utterly perfect in every way. Bageera, Baloo, 
King Louie, Kaa, Shere Khan, and of course Mowgli were done perfectly in 
the animated film. ""Wanna be like you"" is one of my favorite Disney songs 
ever. If they bring back the musical numbers, it'll be weird with the CG 
animals singing. The cast looks good, but why remake this movie?"

Wait, shouldn't it be called, *"The Jungle Movie"* :D

One of my Favorite movies as a kid, I'm gonna watch this movie high

I hope they keep sher khan's music from old jungle book too...

"i grew up reading the book and watching the TV series. i have to see this 
movie"

ok.... im guessing its not gonna have songs in it?

Why is everyone so huge!!

This movie looks like jungle book.

"This trailer is stupid, but the movie still looks like it'll be good. I 
like what they did to Kaa. Her voice sounds motherly, like she's luring 
Mogli into a false sense of security. She seems much more sinister and 
threatening that the old Kaa IMO."

You had me at Christopher Walken

"Blockbuster and classic don't go well together. But hey! fuck it, you'll 
pay to go see it."

This movie is going to be an epic hit

the jungkook book trailer c;

please don't suck. please don't suck!!!!

"One day they're gonna make a Jungle Book movie that keeps the tone of the 
book. But today is not that day. This is going to be an action flick and 
the entire plot is going to be random animal fights."

Yep... I'm seeing this shit.

"jungle book was based on the jungles in the central Indian forests n the 
cartoon had got right most of the details but here in this trailer I c a 
whole lot of animal species tht don't even exist on the Indian subcontinent"

He jumps a lot :p

 

Dinsey bastardizes a profound book about the beauty of nature, take 2

they sure made the kid jump and leap a lot

Beautiful

"I don't understand why some people say ""this live action movie will ruin 
the original one"" or something like that. The original will stay as it is 
even the live action movie failed. So will you stop being paranoid, over 
skeptical, and posessive. Just enjoy the movie, if you don't like it, don't 
watch it."

Idk the ending looks scary lool look how the bear swims

This looks nothing like my childhood favourite.... :(

"Dear Disney,

Making a live action movie of each of your animated movies is not the 
answer."

"This is so wrong. The Disney's Jungle Book is all about fun, now they are 
going for a more Narnia-epicness approach? No, thanks."

This movie is gonna suck hard.

"Damn kaas turned into a female bu dont mind spthat cause he/she sounds sexy 
and wouldnt mind being hypnotised by that voice"

"I repeat. Impressive. What other Live action feature length Disney film 
project will there be in the future, DINOTOPIA? Well I herd or should I say 
I've just discovered this Origin of a DINOTOPIA Film on Wikipedia some time 
ago & it quotes. Quote: Plans for a DINOTOPIA film were previously rejected 
due to the expense of creating a world populated by both humans and 
dinosaurs. Both Columbia Pictures and Disney at one time made the attempt, 
but both studios abandoned the idea, Disney opting to make their own 
homegrown film, Dinosaur in 2000. Hallmark Entertainment chief Robert Halmi 
Sr. then purchased the rights after having seen Gurney's book. Unquote. 
Well true A miniseries was seen on TV on Disney ABC. Including the 
continuing series. I just notices Disney is making a live action film The 
Jungle Book. If they made a Live action Film with Talking animals in that 
new Disney Film coming to Theaters Next Spring. That's why couldn't make a 
feature Film with humans & Dinosaurs AKA Talking Dinosaurs on the Big 
Screen. Based on James Gurney's award winning books. Well if you know 
Disney see if they can try to make a DINOTOPIA film on the Big Screen as 
they've originally started & tried years ago. Well good luck contacting 
Walt Disney Studios. Bye. Oh & one more thing. If there's some new animals 
in this live action version of Disney's The Jungle Book, Could there be 
some Crocodiles too? Well in India there are Marsh Crocodiles AKA Mugger 
Crocodiles, Gharials AKA Gharial Crocodiles & The Largest of All The of all 
Saltwater Crocodiles AKA Indopacific & Estuarine Crocodiles. As a matter of 
fact there is a Crocodile character In The Jungle Book Stories & his name 
is named Jacala. Jacala the Crocodile. I doubt that character is going to 
be in this live action version of Disney's The Jungle Book."

"Looks goood? But really what's next that live action gritty reboot of 
""Bambi"" or the Baz Luhrman directed ""Lady and the Tramp."" Why remake all of 
your classics into live action films? Just wondering."

"Looks good. I can't fully judge it till' I watch it. Hoping it'll have some 
plot twists and amazing action with a lot of suspense."

Sooo..... Does that mean... No animals dancing and singing...? 

wtf is this

Another Remake!!! (Typical Hollywood)

"I can't see a 900 pound grizzly singing the bear necessities or being as 
playful as he was in the cartoon. Otherwise it looks great and Walken 
better be Sher Khan."

this should not be allowed to happen

"Why?
Why not Tarzan?
Is there going to be a CG fucking bear singing the bear necessities?"

Can't wait for this brings back a shit ton of memories

"Man, im getting pretty tired of all the live action remakes, why cant they 
just leave the classics alone"

"Why do they always have to mess with classics. Stop it Disney, Hollywood 
has loads of writers with great new storylines that you can invest it."

I like the snake at the end!

"Sweet Jesus, Kaa appearing was creepy as hell, I thought that Mogly was 
raised by wolves in the original?"

u money grabbing bastards

1:24 Why that shit look like kinectimals?

LOOKS DOPE! Subscribe to my channel?

wow 99% CGI and they changed the snakes gender

I'll be watching it on acid

what is the song trailler ???

Stop complaining people, this actually looks good!

first day first show

came looking for a "Bare Necessities" callback, was not disappointed

tarzan

"""Snake Warrior""
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.adsoft.game.snakewarrior&hl=en
"

dobre spracovanie filmu :)

*YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO*

Tarun

12345465 link

T

"Well once again that's not a trailer, it's a compilation of the movie... 
Even if anybody knows the story...!"

oh my God! this looks beautiful!

another movie add to my list to watch next year

super

"Andy Serkis is making the same movie but will come out on 2017 with a 
better cast in my opinion."

ITS SERKAN! not sherekhan

I want to see this movie

"ich find das echt cool und sieht spannend und cool aus undso blo ich bin 
14 und dann ist es halt immer bld wenn man in kinos geht und da sind nur 
kleine kinder die lachen und schreien undso also jenachdem ab wieviel 
jahren der film ist aber halt naja wei nicht so recht"

"Not gonna lie, but this does look fantastic! However, It will probably not 
be as good as the animated classic, since it was the last animated Disney 
film (or last EVER Disney film) that Disney himself was alive. The ONE 
Disney animated film that has potential for a live action remake, 
personally, is Atlantis. THAT would look really awesome!"

some people got no time for comment

"I'm all for violence in films but something about bagura getting punched in 
the face really upset me"

"MOTHER BLEEPING SHEER KHAN!!!! D:<

That serious scene and the first name you see is Bill Murray XD


Cant wait to watch this"

visit my channel for funny videos i will be doing more soon !

"Trusssssst in me" "Bear necessities" :) takes me back

damn exited fr d movie 2 release

This looks so awesome!

"I don't understand why people complain so much. If you don't like it, don't 
watch it. Simple."

almost cried!!

I hope Mufasa don't die.

it better have the songs

"All of the music in the trailer was composed by Jacob Yoffee from Score A 
Score.

However, the part from 1:27 - 1:35 sounds very similar to Craig Armstrong - 
Escape."

I... wha... I dont even... pls no

Iron Jungle? Avenger jungle? Jungle of ultron?

Can't wait to watch this...........

Nice trailer

The songs remind me of lady in the water

scarlet's voice suits on KAA

"So.. Is Hollywood ever going to make something original again? This looks 
like 50 Million down the drain."

how does the bear necessity song go again its been awhile.

 Please do Katherine perice fro the vampire diaries 

"Jungle book 
It's a real story"

"There's something beautiful about the trailer. We're lured into a false 
sense of hope from Scarlett's voice, only to find that that voice belongs 
to Kaa, the deceptive Anaconda. It's great, and I can't wait to see how 
they portray the rest of the animals."

i feel like this is a sci-fi action movie, not a disney movie

I wonder what a live action Lion King movie would look like.

ugh make something new Disney pig

"Honestly this looks so good I can wait for it. I've been watching the 
trailer three times a day hurry up 2016"

Its not jungle book without bare necessities

"If you Look closely, the 
Animals are fake"

make movie on mahabharat hollywood :v

Scarlet as the snake. Perfect

Scarlett Johansson... the narrator??? O_o

I didn't expect this trailer to get this many views, DAMN!

"What is everyone talking about this looks epic. And if its a musical that 
makes it even better."

Good

"Okay.. now the only thing bothers me is the CGI !! YES, CGI ! It's already 
2015 ! BUT STILL USING THAT KIND OF CGI ??"

nice video

I was so worried they were going to make the child white.

From the studio that brought you the Jungle Book. The Jungle Book.

"classic Disney introduce as an innocent story for my gen wait till our 
values and standards drop and bring a darker version out for me and my sons 
gen to watch.... ganna give this a miss"

Why'd they change king Louie huh?

Are they making a remake for every Disney movie now? What's next Toys Story

I thought this looked cool

like so much

"I swear if they make a movie after The Emperors New Groove I will lose all 
faith in film making."

WTF is king kong cousin doing here

"God loves you repent of your sins and seek Him. He shall bring judgement 
upon the Earth soon. Please turn to Him and save your Eternal soul."

I'v never been super into the jungle book, but this looks badass.

"I seen the movie, The Jungle Book that was made, I believe in the 1930's. 
It wasn't animated. Real actors were used, and it has been the best I have 
seen yet. I do so wish that they would have made this movie using real 
people, again. They need to leave out the sillyness of singing bears."

Just the Bear Necessities please

Scarlet's voice are sexing my ears right now ~~

how you gone make my childhood movie look like a fkn horror

"Snake is a woman now?
wot?"

OMG

"I dunno if its the quality but, are they using a real young actor because 
it does clash with the cgi of the animals? Looks pretty cool nonetheless!"

"This film is actually a set up movie for ""Mogli vs Tarzan"" set to come out 
2019"

esto es tan original

There goes my childhood

There goes my childhood

the whistle in the end Tho

"Please don't fuck this up. I could accept the destruction of Peter Pan, I 
could accept the destruction of Tarzan, but please for the love of God 
don't meas up the classic Junglebook for your theatre-explosion bullshit. 
Please."

"Awesome trailer, but its advertisement relies too heavily on material from 
the 1967 movie instead of trying to be it's own thing. Makes me worry if 
whether or not it'll outdo the animated classic."

stop being a little fag

"*The Jungle Book 2016 Full HD Version Download Here*

*###############################################*"

gak sabar pingin nonton  its great

"is it going to start doing live action versions of Disney movies I need 
them to get to work on Lion King"

"*The Jungle Book 2016 Download Full HD*
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mtyvsdbiPichMPeYyScdxDNLIhJ6DM5dGPfrBlFDxWs
*Download Full Movie Here*"

BALOO FTW!

Gotta go see that with my grandmother

"Does anyone else find it hilarious that people are complaining that Disney 
better not screw up their childhood memories of the 2D Animated version 
even though Disney did that one as well?"

"i dont know the tiger, panther, grizzly and orang utan in one tropic 
jungle.."

I wanna see it!

Brab0 .0sm.

"Typical Hollywood.
Remaking something that was already perfect."

And Disney continues its tradition of making me want to end my life.

"sweet and... perfect sound perfect technigs all thise in a perfect jungel 
book"

I always saw Kaa as a gay man, not a female. Anyways, this looks awesome!

"At least this is being made by the same company that made the original 
cartoon movie and not pixar or dreamworks.

this looks like its gonna be a real fun watch."

"From the director of MICHAEL BAY comes this epic new adventure (BIG 
EXPLOSION) BAWWWAB (metallic noise) dark seen--More explosions much death 
the END. wins gram award , oscar the hole shebang and yeah cool lol :P
Ps- why dishy the classic was good no need for a new more realistic version 
don't turn it in to Life of Pie i mean Life of pie was good and all but it 
does not suit the jungle book :)"

Why does he look like he grew up living in the Jungle like Tarzan?

Uh what a good ass cast by the way!

Woah there, Disney. Woah there.

I'm 22 years old and feeling so excited to watch this !!

"this will scare the shit out of the kids going ot see it for sure lol not 
quite like the og"

TB

Oh My God this is beautiful

So is any of this real or all CGI?

"Mogely (or however you spell it) literally only jumps around in this 
trailer."

"disney : 
hey guys i have an amazing and original idea ! let's make already made 
movies and give them real life visuals and get 7 million bucks !"

"Looks <redacted> fantastic; if you keep referring back to the god damned 
""cartoon"" version of the film-- yeah duh; it's going to be different; the 
cartoon version is for kids--as in Rated G; This is for the Grown-Up who is 
still a kid at heart. The cinematography looks great in the trailer and if 
you have a good pair of home computer surround sound speakers, the sound 
quality is superior and a 4k display (or HiDef too) it's stunning. So, as 
for your childhood ""guns and glory 1"" btw your screen name is a 
contradiction to your comment, go rewatch Mary Poppins and keep sailin' for 
higher heights."

"Looked up IMDB and as I thought Christopher Walken is voicing King Louie. 
Can't wait to hear his rendition of ""I wanna be like you"" XD"

Please subscribe to my channel.

WHAT ABOUT Rikki-Tikki-Tavi???!?!?!

"makes it seem like an avengers action movie instead of the happy lil 
cartoon movie... still.. just a trailer :3"

as long as Baloe talks i'l be happy

Did people forget about this movie? The Jungle Book (1994) - IMDb

Nice

"those who don't know who mowgli is know about The Jungle Book stories. He 
is a feral child from the
Pench area in Central India who originally appeared in Kipling's short 
story."

Indian kid as Mowgli !  awesome !

scar jo souds so hot.....

"DOWNLOAD The Jungle Book FROM:: 
http://www.mediafire.com/download/8j38vc893d6av2x/The+Jungle+Book+%28FULL+MOVIE%29.rar
"

Welcome back, childhood!

thumbs up if you got goosebumps watching this trailer

good

"Scarlet's essssss-es sound so perfect.... And I hope Idris Elba manages to 
pull off Sher Khan. The only worry I have with this is the kid. Child 
actors are a hit or miss and it takes talent and effort for the performance 
not to suck."

i almost cried watching this.

"Who else think it would be dope if they make a lion king a live action 
movie"

is this about to be the biggest movie of all time????

"Guyzzz follow me on twitter. @Anandmn98. 
I will follow you back"

Disney please don't fuck this up..

.

"Why making this trailer so overepic and many actionscenes? The movie 
shouldn't be like Transformers, IronMan and stuff."

"0:44 ""poor sweet little girl"", is that what Kaa is saying? So Mowgli is 
going to be female?"

"Amazing!!!!!!!!! No words..... Can't Wait for this movie.. Have watched the 
cartoon movie of this Movie my entire childhood.. Can't Wait for this"

"Very hard to ignore INDIANS in hollywood movies or tv shows. They will find 
a way."

utter flop childhood ruined:(

"OMG! YES! YES! Can't wait!! Back when I was an ass of a kid in the 90s, I 
refused to eat dinner every single day until my dad read me the ENTIRE 
Jungle Book, haha."

"I dislike that Kaa is voiced by a female, I'm not trying to be rude or 
anything but I grew up with Kaa being a shifty guy, similar to Scar from 
the Lion King and with a female voice it doesn't give off the vibe that 
makes Kaa shady."

No Alladin movie, he's busy fighting along isis..lol

I like it :)

now , my childhood is doomed.... THANKS ASSHOLES

Frozen is better than this

Kiranthakor

Kiranthakor

my childhood dream come true

"It is very well done but I still prefer the early Disney version. It was 
lighthearted enough to let your young children watch it. But I will still 
watch this new one when it hits the cinema's."

Scarlett Johansson as the Kaa? Why?

nice trailer

"At least it looks more faithful both to the book and the cartoon than the 
1994 live-action movie (Yes Disney made another live-action Jungle Book 21 
years ago where there were more humans and the animals were entirely 
live-action and didn't talk)"

(9-.-)9

OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORA

Soy puto

Hrdgjk

Wow so romanticc

Yessss

just awesome !

oh my god!!!!!!i love this one i was a kid.

is it only me hoping that , nana patekar does the voice of sher khan..

What was that? I think Disney just ruined my childhood

"Accidentally came across this. As the trailer progressed all those 
characters of one of my first ever story books flashed across my mind.
Mowgli, Sher Khan, Bagheraa, Baboo, Kaa. 
The trailer had me remember parts of the stories I enjoyed reading before 
going to bed."

bare nice

Hopefully they wont fuck it up

"why do all the ppl in hollywood try to ruin my childhood with terrible 
reallife approaches on beautiful animated films?"

it looks like the boy's the only human acting in the movie..!!

"COMING 2016...



DISNEY'S...



Rip off of their own movie."

Oooo!

"I'm honestly more exited about Andy Serkis' take on the Jungle book. This 
seems decent, but i'm fearing it will be utter shit."

Favreau takes it to the Next Level.......,

awsome trailer....

Got Freaking goosebumps!

holyfuck, they're really robbing us blind now. Just say NO.

THANK GOD THEY DIDNT WHITEWASH MOWGLI

Nice

"WOWWWW this looks amazing. I don't know why people is always saying crap BS 
in the comments. "

this is gonna be awesome!

superb.

"if disney is going to do a realistic jungle book, i hope they do a 
realistic lion king"

at end of the trailer. Baloo whistling The Bare Neccaties.

"The Jungle Book reimagined for a new generation! Now with 100% less singing 
and charm!"

The female voice might be bagheera

My childhood life is gone guyz

"Long after Spiderman 3 finally there is something from Hollywood that 
actually excites me... Scarlet as Kaa is disappointing though, a deep and 
heavy voice would have been truely mesmerising."

awesm

Wow what a nice work. i hope everyone is waiting for it.

"Let me think of a joke 





Donald Trump"

"As soon as I heard the whistling of ""Bear Necessities"" I got the chills. 
Such a nostalgic song from our childhood, and to hear that again in live 
action, it's so weird. "

wer r the wolves.... 

have a good thought

KING LOUIE OR KING KONG?? Damn he's big

"This looks scary as hell. I thought jungle book was a fun kids cartoon, 
when did I wake up in an alternate reality???"

The end gave me SHIVERS, hope it lives up to its predecessors

The soundtrack is amazing

"Sigh. You know, you can stop any time, Disney. You can stop with these... 
things. Will you please stop? Please?

Look, I actually liked Malificent because it expounded upon the (admittedly 
rather boring) Sleeping Beauty story and did something different with it. 
Maybe it wasn't good, but I personally found it interesting. But Cinderella 
was just 'oh, it's now live action instead of animated; that makes it worth 
a watch, right?' This looks like Cinderella... with bizarre CGI... and Kaa 
is now female... for some reason. That's really not a good first 
impression, Disney."

I've got bad feelings about this film

"it would be pretty dope to do a live action of:
TREASURE PLANET
ATLANTIS:LOST EMPIRE
ALADDIN
TARZAN(a legit one not like George of the jungle or shit like that)
I FORGOT THE NAME BUT ITS A ROBOT THAT A KID FINDS AND TOWARDS THE END THE 
ROBOT GOES UP IN SPACE TO SAVE THE WORLD IDK"

Is this like Tarzan?

I saw this commercial on tv. It didn't feel like two minutes

"So is this an animated movie or a regular movie with a lot of cgi ? Can't 
really tell which"

This whole trailer is a dip to black screen every 2 seconds.

"I love this to death but am I the only one that wants to see the real life 
lion king also?"

"Childhood RUINED... Not because of this movie. It actually looks pretty 
cool. It's my uncle's fault. See, I was alone in my room one night and.... 
nevermind... CHILDHOOD RUINED....."

is beatifull

"Chinna Chinna Chittugala . . Singara Roja Mottugala . . Thulli thulli odi 
vaanga, Kaatin kadhayai kettidavae  . . Jon Favreau will bring my childhood 
back."

Haha Los gringos no pueden comentar sin usar la palabra Fuck

"I'm actually exited to see this movie next year, btw way, their totally 
going to fuck it up; i'm just being realistic. I'll be damn surprise if 
they actually make it a good movie."

"I loved this movie when I was little but this is gonna ruin the cartoon for 
children now days."

Follow PUMPKINSPICEMEOW on Instagram now!!! Beautiful cat photography 

People seem to forget there was a live-action version released in 1994....!

"One thing they HAVE to keep is Baloos voice. If they dont its like not 
having the late Robin Williams as Genie."

"omfg why the fuck did this need to be made?? god dam hollywood wtf wont you 
remake?"

This is quite literally the most impressive motion capture I've ever seen!

"My goodness, did anyone else feel that Kaa sounded like GLaDOS? Just less 
robotic and more human."

movie

1:27 was that the big monkey? Is he a bad guy?

why did they make mogly white again?

"Uh... I have no opinion on this as of yet... it looks like it could be cool 
but it also looks like it could be a piece of crap so... I dunno, I'll wait 
until it comes out I guess."

"To be honest, i was mixed about this until it showed John Favreaus name aka 
Happy Hogan. The guy who Director Iron Man 1 & 2, executive produce Iron 
Man 3, The Avengers 1 & 2. I'm clarifying this as a reminder. But still, it 
doesn't hurt to stay cautious. I hope that he has been given the authority 
to have full control of the project. Plus i have to give credit for 
excellent casting. Idris Elba is excellent choice to play Shere Khan and 
most can agree on the fact bill performance as Baloo will be hopfully WAY 
BETTER then.......Garfield. I will say it cool to point out that Richard M. 
Sherman is returning to write the songs for the film. I'm sure the songs 
are gonna do well and most likely dedicate the songs to his late brother 
Robert B. Sherman, since they both wrote a long songs together for as long 
as Richard can remember and misses him every day. Just as Ridley Scott 
misses his brother Tony Scott everyday as well or for any one else who's 
lost someone close to them for that matter. Point is, this film is good 
hands. I will remind everyone that form what i've herd from those who read 
the book, say it ain't all that bright and colorful from what we've seen 
form the 1967. Don't get me wrong, i love that movie with a passion. I'm 
just pointing out when they adapted it, they had to make a few changes, 
like all many film adaptations do. Even veteran animator Chuck Jones's 
version counts as well. I should point this out as well. Warner Bros. 
Pictures is also developing a live-action version of there own titled 
Jungle Book: Origins, with Steve Kloves writing and Andy Serkis set to 
direct. Serkis will also be providing the voice of Baloo. Previously, Ron 
Howard was originally set to helm as director. The film was originally set 
for release on October 21, 2016, with a title of Jungle Book: Origins. The 
film will be released a year later on October 6, 2017. Benedict Cumberbatch 
joined the film to voice the lead role of Shere Khan (Brilliant casting 
choice since Smaug), Christian Bale as Bagheera (Awesome), Cate Blanchett 
as Kaa (Nice), Naomie Harris as Raksha (REALY GOOD CHOICE), Tom Hollander 
as Tabaqui, Eddie Marsan as Papa Wolf, Peter Mullan as Akela, and Rohan 
Chand as Mowgli also added to the cast. It's funny that two Studios are 
each doing there take on the story. I like that Kaa in both versions are 
voiced by amazing actresses. I do appreciate that both films are in good 
hands. Also, the director was born 1966 and jungle book animated film was 
the year after. I'm sure he loved that movie, if ever did see it as kid 
growing up. So that little bit was for any one loved the Animated version. 
This my is just my opinion guys."

I love the last part with the bear xD

"Since there are no spirals in Kaa's eyes, they are making her talk like a 
legitimate hypnotist in order to trick you.... The way a hypnotist says: 
""I'm going to count to 3 now......one....and two.....and three."" 

Oh, and I heard Mowgli gets killed at the end."

I hear scarlet johansen

Who else saw that at the D23???

"can't wait for it, after long time i used to watch as kid when i was around 
12............."

I think I prefer the fakery of the old cartoons

"Shere Khan looks soooo amazing! Oh my gosh! I honestly don't care that 
Disney has been doing nothing but remakes lately, I love them!"

It seemed like a horror movie at the beginning hope they don't mess this up

now make a live action movie of Atlantis!!

Lupita Nyong'o as RAKCHA # AMAZING TENA SANA

"ok I guess we can expect all the original animated Disney movies to be 
remade now..."

that's a LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOTTTTTTTTTTTT of CGI ....

"Baloo better sings in this movie, I was really upset when the mice didn't 
sing in Cinderella. lol"

I actually think it looks fucking awesome! LOL

The best movie in life action! :3

"From the studios that's just remaking your childhood for nostalgia money"

Scarlett's voice 

holy fuck :D

Yy

I thought Benedict Cumberpatch was going to be the tiger....

without phil collins? > without me.

looks like tarzan

"This looks really crappy... The CGI is so obvious which is bad, which makes 
it crappy... (why do they always make animals look bigger than their real 
life version)... The 1967 version is ofcourse great, but i really enjoyed 
the 1994 version aswell (John Cleese). xD"

OMG! I'm so EXCITED!

"The ending is by far the best part...""Bare 
necessities!!!""#childhoodmemories#ringtone"

Bnn

btw the main characters a boy not a girl

there goes my childhood

"Check this out -
https://m.soundcloud.com/user-527211265/euphoric-infection-cries-of-anguish"

Christopher Walken... I am seeing this solely for that reason.

"Am I the only one who laughed at 1:04?







"

1:37 "With just the bare necessities of life!"

"Please tell me Sher Khan's entry theme music is same as the previous one. 
Other things I can handle but not this change."

THIS IS COOL BUT.....

This looks cool

"jurassic park 1 has better cgi than this, and those were cgi dinasours!!!, 
these cgi animals are fake as fuck"

*bear necessities* at the end , right in the feelings !

Honestly this looks like complete garbage.

holy shit that escalated quickly

I don't understand why they use CGI for animals when we have real ones.

Soooo Tarzan den?

Why are they doing this? I really hope they don't ruin this classic.

Wonderful movie

"Whoa! Disney is going to take a SERIOUS shot at *The Jungle Book*?!? 
Ooooooooookay, then!"

When comes the Tarzan Trailer. i can't wait.

Because Jungle Book needed a gritty reboot.

super.....................!

where is mogli's girl ?? hahaha :p

"Don't worry people. When all animals are extinct we can always just animate 
them on the big screen."

"Idris Elba is Shere Khan ? and not Christopher walken why? 
WWHHHHHHHHHYYYYYYY?"

eagerly awaiting

Good god, what's up with that loud bgm and unnecessary voice over?

amaaaazing!!

zolim Lia thang

Man I remember it being less serious.

Who here watch the original movie ?

"DO U know why this is fake, because the animals won't sing and this is so 
fake I am now going to kill my self with laughter"

subhu96@

"i don't care if this was 100% cgi, as long as it's good! the hell do you 
want people? real animals? real jungle? fuck! ya'll noobs..."

"Why is Kaa voiced by a woman? If I remember correctly the snake was 
male....yeah totally male."

Badass

yaaaasss

What's with Disney and the modern live action remakes? Lately?

CG animals.... CG animals everywhere

awesome.......

Christopher walken should voice kaa

"I hope that Christopher Walken voices a random Buffalo, instead of anyone 
important. That would be hilarious."

cant wait

99% cgi



Guts I can't see anything, all I see is green, green, green...

I think it's good

"The Mowgli in this film reminds me of someone I would like to slap 
repeatedly."

this is gonna be awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I love this movie thanks for making

Wow I've got really high expectations and I can't wait to see this movie!

mogali is back ...wowww...

"Sup yo! This video is nice cough tail What's your opinion about that, guys 
!!!"

"This is going to be sick as fuck!!! I loved this cartoon movie when I was 
younger"

0:40 they copied the scene from the movie baahubali

"No doubt in my mind that this will be amazing, cause Jon Favreau is just 
amazing!"

awesome trailer..... old memories....

My childhood comes to life.. Bring it on

now i' m confused and trying to remember what the plot was to this movie...

This looks like one of those 'childhood-ruining movies' to me

Zz

"Whyyyyyy why does everyone remake shit and make it horrible?! Can't anyone 
be creative anymore and come up with something original??"

"I have a copy of the complete, unabridged book and it is great. I hope this 
movie is more true to the book."

kvo e tova e

They should also make dumbo the elephant lol

Scarlett Johansens voice tho 

"Disney, where we remake and ruin childhood dreams created by mr disney 
since 3D animation was cost effective and faster than drawing and flip 
action. Disney, where we make live action movies of the cartoons u love and 
make the iconic snake into a woman. Disney, where we no longer have 
inspiration from fairytales of european stories and regurgitate with extra 
shit toppings to make more money. Disney, where nostalgia is the only thing 
keeping us alive."

Everyone just SHUT UP!!!! Listen carefully Disney , TAKE MY MONEY!

brilliant trailer! so well done

"*GREAT*
Guys enjoy this: *youtube*.*com/watch?v=1KWJjd7yeHQ*
This method really works xD made extra 400$ so far yeah anyone can do it,I 
mean just watch this video and see how easy that was xD Thank me later!"

"c'mon #Disney, not this one...
it's a best of my childhood. please done justice to it..."

Omg that little whistle at the end made me smile

Anybody know what species Bagheera is?

"That awkward moment when one of your childhood stories is remade and looks 
more beastly and epic than most other films these days in its trailer. 

Got my hopes up and thought this was Tarzan at first! Still looks sick. 

Hope they make a Tarzan one."

"I like the trailer a lot
And the music sets the mood
Gave me chills "

I come here only foy Scarlett Johansson voice 

woah.. i dont have words

this looks way to scary for young kids in my opinion.

and truusssssst.. in me! i cant wait to see this

Her voice is....just damn!

MY CHILDHOOD HAS BEEN REVIVED AND IS MORE ALIVE THAN EVER.

Where are the wolves?

"Disney live action movies are the worst. The only good series is Pirates of 
the Carrabien the rest is absolute shit."

this cant touch the original

Damn technology: turning good movies into hardcore movies

"NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NON NEIN FALSE DO NOT WANT 
HOW BOUT NO"

Looks like Disney's running out of new ideas...

I am so freaking excited

"I must be the only one that thinks this looks pretty amazing. I'm excited, 
oh well."

Can't wait to hear Ben Kingsley and Bill Murray.

Yeah, looks good. I'm sold.

que chiva va estar la pelicula

"Look, it might not be bad, but it's not going to be good. It looks like any 
other CG remake. It looks mediocre.

*Johnson:* ""SIR!! We found a few more cashcows to beat to death we hadn't 
spotted before, they were hiding behind the rocks!""
*Boss:* ""You know what this means Johnson, looks like it's time for another *~gritty 
remake~*""
*Johnson:* ""Brilliant sir! People will eat this one up like all the other 
bastardizations we've been shitting out over the last decade and a half"""

"scarlet just fucked up the whole film just there.. she's a vile racist 
cunt. "

"YES YES YES YES YES YES JESUS CHRIST A MILLION TIMES YES I AM SO INCREDIBLY 
STOKED ABOUT THIS"

"Repent and believe the gospel. Christ took your sins upon himself so you 
may enter eternal life where he is, but if you are not living for him 
you'll be rejected. Christ is coming soon, you don't have much time. If you 
are living up to the commandments you will be judged by the law but if you 
are living for Christ you will be taken out because the time coming is 
worse than any other time in history."

LOL.. Kaa is female :D

"Now don't try to kid me man-cub I made a deal with you, what I desire is 
man's red fire, so I can be like you."

  ,    ?

"The moment I saw that it said jungle book at the end I was like what 
the.... this aint the bear nesecitties movie I remember"

They better not screw this is up! This is one of my childhood movies

HOLY SHIT!!!!! Goooooosebumps!!!!! This is gonna be good!!!

Live Action Jungle Book. Not my cup of tea.



"Why is there a fucking bear in India? (Baloo is not an Indian sloth bear 
and the black asian bear species is not extant there.)"

"I love the fact that Scarlett is Kaa. Her voice is so sultry and it's 
perfect for a slinky snake."

Where's the dancing and singing who let Michael bay direct this wtf

"CLEARLY THE KID IN THIS VIDEOS A TERRORIST, PROBABLY ALREADY GOT BOMBS 
PLANTED IN AMERICA WITH HIS ILLEGAL FAMILY. FUCKING LIBERALS TRYING TO 
DESTROY AMERICA"

that snake was brutal.

tl;dr version: "Hey kid, wanna /ss/?"

"I thought this was an awful idea until I saw this trailer. Now I'm hearing 
that the musical numbers are in it as well. This might actually be 
fantastic. We shall see."

fuck thats one hidious kid could of got a cuter one ruined it for me

se ve genial ir a verla cuando salga en cines

Disney...Where women are evil.

"I really love the idea of having an extinct animal still alive in an 
ancient temple."

"Scarlett Johanson as the snake?! that voice of hers is actually very 
hypnotic and intoxicating so that is great casting. looks good!"

"This looks promising...Scarlet's voice is mesmerizing. The one thing I 
really want them to include in the film is Shere Khan's memorable theme 
from the cartoon."

Baluu 

that snake voice suck

"Am I the only person who is playing this trailer on a loop? 

Like...Holy. Shit. That cast."

"I hope this does well...
It could set a new wave of great and vastly DIFFERENT adaptations...
I also hope this sparks other adaptations by great directors, like P. T. 
Anderson doing ""Pinocchio""..."

I bet you Aladdin is next which is something I actually look forward too

"Frustrating to see Disney promoting the energy of FEAR. Nature responds to 
LOVE and animals are friendly, this movie will trick kids into fearing 
nature. Sad."

cinema is an industry which feed millions. support their hardwork.

Aaaaaahhhh!!!!it looks fucken awesome 

I'm gonna myself save the wait and watch the original now

"Will this actually follow the book though? Will it just be a rehash of the 
cartoon? I really hope it'll be closer to the book...."

the black Panthers head looks rubbish, don't look anything like a big cat ,

"the same mistake as the 67's movie: they left out the whole ""raised by 
wolves"" thing! and since when is Kaa a female? I'd rather have the 
Anime-Version of the Jungle Book as a CG movie. In this the whole Story was 
about Mogli and his life with the pack (as it's supposed to be)"

This better be as lighthearted as the original with singing and everything

Why does Jungle Book need a reboot? I thought the first film was perfect...

The CG effects look really bad.

what the difference between real 3d and imax 3d

90% of this trailer was the kid jumping

I cried at 1.35

I remember watching this as cartoon when I was little

"Maybe this one will be more like the original fairytale. But then again, 
this is Disney we're talking about. *cough*Frozen*cough*"

"I have a feeling this movie is gonna be boring....I HOPE TO GOD I'm wrong 
lol. But it seems like a slow dialogue....I could be wrong thoe cause the 
jungle book is one of my all time favs"

"If Maleficent And Cinderella Worked well. 
so can this movie."

"Everyone complaining as usual, but hey be happy at least they didn't make 
him white. *Cough* Tiger Lily* Cough*"

Didn't Disney do a live action version of Jungle Book already?

Man.. Kaa sounds so much better as a girl XD

"Looks Amazing! 
Scarlet Johnson sounda so hot =)"

"according to IMDB

Idris Elba is sher khan

Christopher walken is King louie 

Ben kingsley is bagheera 

MR bill murray will be baloo"

Amazing!!! "...and trussssssst in me" ;)

If you listened to Abandoned by Disney, this scared the crap out of you. XD

"I hv lived almost half of my life....but will cheer like a kid in theater 
for this movie. Thanks for bringing child out of us. 
#JungleJunglePataChalaHai"

The animals look SUPER EXTRA RIDICULOUSLY FAKE!

This looks surprisingly good.

so will the bear sing the bear necessity song ? xD

"I saw Bill Murray listed as an actor and now I'm trying to hear his cover 
of ""Bear Necessities""."

"Looks promising. First live action Disney movie I've been interested in in 
a while."

Please dear lord don't let them fuck up my childhood.

"Don't get me wrong, I have nothing against Scarlett Johansson, I actually 
believe she's a good actress, but her voice just doesn't fit a character 
like Kaa. Instead of her, I'd have picked Julianne Moore, Eva Green or 
Marion Cotillard."

Its so dense.

"Anyone else watch this and end up thinking why the hell Jungle Book is a 
horror?"

wow!!!!!!!!!!!!

cant wait to see it

"Dude Bill Murrary as the voice of my favorite bear?? This movies going to 
kick ass!"

Looks Promising. Will surely make it to my most awaited list

"I just hope Disney doesn't screw this up, it has so much potential but you 
can never tell how great a movie is just by the trailer. "

Why not Beauty and the beast?

"Common now, there are no grizzle sized bears in India. panthers, tigers, 
monkeys yes"

Looks like marvel movies

The whistle at the end!

I am definitely going to watch this !

Always wanted to have Baloo as my buddy.

"It's an ''old timer's'' fantasy come to life! ;__; I never would have 
imagined they would've been able to take a cartoon I saw as a kid in the 
70's and make it real! God Bless the 21st century and its technology."

king louie is gonna be the best part

pleas thums up in my vid

balu is the maaaan

wow this will rock :D

OMG IM SO HYPE :D

The snake is so weird

Looks shitty

Woah, that's CGI? That's amazing!

"Wasn't the snake a male in the original? Not saying that I don't like it 
I'm just asking."

Amazing

Disney stop making live action versions of your animated classics

nice

nice

"Everything's fine except the thing that The Jungle book old version is far 
different from this so far according to the trailer because as the old 
version is mainly aimed towards kids it was had peaceful music and didn't 
have scenes which gave goosebumps to kids rather made them happy. But this 
trailer makes it looks like it's aimed towards elderly people, I mean come 
on if a kid is taken to a theater to watch this film just imagine how 
scared he would become when Sher Khan jumps out suddenly with Roaring. It 
looks like the darker version of The Jungle Book unlike the 
pleasant,peaceful and joyful original one. But it was great! Only if it had 
a different title."

"THE STORY OF INDIA
JUNGLE BOOK IS FROM INDIA. 
IT's TRUE STORY ."

the jungle book is all about indian forests, bengal tigers,bears.

HOLY CRAP HOLY CRAP HOLY CRAP, ,,

"The cartoon movie was my childhood but this just looks kind of... Vicious 
and more dark I guess?"

"This is sooo going to be a huge hit in India!!
awesome!"

great

"The Jewish whore Scarlett voicing a snake, lol it suits the synagogue of 
Satan."

lslaslsl

Boo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

seriously why does everything have to be so edgy and epic

Still got nothing on Rikki Tikki Tavi.

Somewhere up there, Rudyard Kipling is smiling...

Wow.  Guess I'll be taking the kids to that.  Looks like fun.

seems good

"lm surprised Shere Khan hasn't been changed to a saber tooth tiger going by 
what they have done to Kaa and King Louie very Big! Prehistoric size. 

lt still looks like a kick! ass Good film tho"

Don't ruin the jungle book

Another remake of Tarzan **YAWN!**

"Please no more negative comments ,cause i think this movie would be pretty 
awesome."

"Jangal Jangal Baat Chali hai...Will They Remake It In English Like Jai Ho 
in Slumdog...
coz Without jungle jungle... There Is No Jungle Book..."

"Jangal Jangal Baat Chali hai...Will They Remake It In English Like Jai Ho 
in Slumdog...
coz Without jungle jungle... There Is No Jungle Book..."

"Jangal Jangal Baat Chali hai...Will They Renake It In English Like Jai Ho 
in Slumdog...
coz Without jungle jungle... There Is No Jungle Book..."

Does anyone know the artist or title of the music?

"If you dont watch the *very last* scene and laugh... you may need a doctors 
appointment to get a new sense of humour. "

"Is it weird that I'm masturbating to the voice of Scarlett Johansson even 
though she's a snake in the movie ?"

EPIC!

I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE THIS

"""Greater love has no man than this, that he lay down his life for his 
friend"" - I wonder if disney kept this quote from the original."

Wow! King Louis got f***ed up!

are you alone i tought it was a girl i slash mom

are you alone i tought it was a girl i slash mom

"Please visit India & have an Indian premiere with all its star cast 
present."

#Subscribe me guyz.....and i'll subscribe you.....100% sure.......

The snake just look so... Uhmm.. 

"OKAY SO FIRST I SEE TOM HIDDLESTON STARRING IN SOME HORROR MOVIE AND NOW I 
SEE SCARLETT IN THE JUNGLE BOOK??? OMG THE AVENGERS"

scarlett johansson voice as aka is terrible!

Whaaaaaaaa

hmm. not bad

I honestly can't imagine that actual fucking bear singing bare necessities

I've read this book before but I can't remember anything about it

Wow , Cool i Like The Grapichs

Seems strange, the snake is now a girl huh...

"Name of the child @ 00:36 ???????? 


plz, cmnt if u know"

"damn....where r the wolf pack........i am eagerly waiting for it......love 
it"

"why is everyone being negative?
It looks pretty promising to me.
Very promising infact"

I bet not many people will know what this properly is

"I liked their original animation of this, but this doesn't look that good, 
maybe ill pirate it but I definitely won't pay to see it, I am getting sick 
of the remakes for all the Disney classics."

Stupid

"Scuse me but... Where is the wolves? Those who helped Mowgli at the start 
of the film in 1967"

Hell to the fucking yes

kowailin191@gmail

ALL OF MY YES !!!!!!

"""Jungle Jungle baat chali hai pata chala hai..
Arre chaddi pehen ke phool khila hai phool khila hai!"

Looks alright to me

please dub to indian languages this movie

it looks cool;-)

when will they release this movie.....anny one??????

nice one

"they just can't make a decent trailer now can they? it has to have a lot of 
loud noises and flickering scenes. since when showing a one minute scene 
from a movie is an inferior thing to this crap of a teaser trailer. i mean 
it's not a fucking thriller. christ..."

"

*"

"I...don't know how I feel about Kaa. Or the copious amounts of obvious CGI. 
I'll give it a shot though, I've been waiting for this for QUITE a while."

orang utan ? temple? Indonesia? waw

good making

"What the hell is this? Why does everything these days has to be grimdark? 
This looks more like a spin-off of Apocalypto, rather than Jungle Book. And 
some things are better in the animated form. Turning Jungle Book into live 
action completely removes all of its charm."

"I have a number of questions. First why is King Louie a giant? Second will 
they have the songs because Baloo whistling the bare necessities got me 
confused a bit."

Colapur

Varansi

"Hmmm..... I dunno. I mean, it looks cool, but-

*Whistles The Bare Necessities*

TAKE MY MONEY. TAKE IT NOW."

Trailer is damn good for a story that's been known for years.

"Why make a live action ? All the animals are fake anyway. I like the 
original  I'll probably still see it out of curiosity "

*-*

Why does that snake from India have an American accent?

"Very much disappointed. Rudyard Kipling wrote the book in India with 
considering all Indian animals... I think Disney guys didn't got the 
concept of the book. Anthropologically it looks wrong... i am not expert or 
pro Indian.. but it was difficult to understand why the bloody hell you 
have to changed the fucking story... sometime unnecessary creativity make 
you think less...."

"Maybe I'm wrong, but I think that after all these 're-boots', the original 
films will eventually be forgotten - if so, will that be a good thing? Is 
it 'progress'?"

I'm definitely gonna watch this.

o m g



Vous pensez que les personnages parleront ou non ?

wwwwwwoooooowwwwww

Pretty amazing

"eh idk, they should have just put the old animated one back in theaters, 
that one was amazing not too sure about the live action CGI, but I'll give 
it a shot if there is bear necessity"

"A classic Disney film just got a lot more violent, and over-dramatic. Why 
do Disney keep remaking things?"

amazing trailer..

"I wonder if they will do more movie remakes on old movies like Hercules or 
Atlantis"

I wonder who will do Ballos voice?

"Looks like a strnage , hot mess to me. A bizarre pastiche of the light 
animated version , Kipling's story , & modern blockbuster tropes. That said 
, I kinda hope it works. Kipling's actual Jungle Book stories are excellent 
, & filmmakers have avoided doing a version anything like his actual 
narrative like the plague."

"Gritty reboot... gritty reboot everywhere

That said the original Jungle Book is indeed a pretty dark story, i think 
the film is trying to capture the spirit of both the animated film and the 
book. Kind of finding a middle way. Looking forward for it in 2016!"

"US industries-India Biigest Market-US becomes Billioniors

40% Indian scientist working in NASA-US laucned Rocket

Raman Effect-Raman spectrometer-US made Machine

Jungle Book-Indian story-US made Movie"

"Idris Elba is voicing Shere Khan. Which is ok. But it should have been 
Benedict Cumberbatch."

Creepy ..

Simply Spectacular :D :D !

"WTF?? They are saying Orangutans are not native to India and hence they 
made King Louis a Gigantopithecus? but they became extinct almost 100,000 
years ago!!! and Jungle book is set during the 'British India' period like 
only 100 years ago!! WTF? they should have used the orangutan...complete 
bullshit and they also reached a maximum estimated height of 10 ft, not 40 
ft as show in the trailer.......hope they correct this."

Assassins creed much

Mogli :D

How did... A simple book... Turn into an epic story

Lov'in



stupid movie don't touch lion king plz

OH COME ON they ruined the snake! that was my favourite character.

Jungle Jungle baat chali hai.. pata chala hai...!!

Fuck disney this piece of shit!

Can't wait for this to come out!! This looks amazing!

"Bill Murray is probably the bear, ben Kingsley is the panther, scarlet 
Johansson is the snake, and Christopher walkens is the tiger. Maybe... who 
is the orangutan?"

Now hollywood start copy of Bollywood, This is story of Mogli

"I really hope this movie turns out at least OK, but i doubt it. I don't 
want them to mes up the great nostalgia of the original. The real life 
looking creature I'm not a big fan of, it take a bit of the ""magic"" out of 
it for me. They should have gone for a bit more cartoony look for the cgi 
animals, but that my opinion."

Heck of a trailer, amazing background score. Hats off! MUST WATCH.

Okay, this gave me chills.

"This looks freaking insane!! Ridiculous cast as well!! I was dubious, but 
they just convinced me"

 

waiting for this movie!

"This looks fucking sick and brings back memories, and oh poor CGI 
haters..  why not speak up, cause obviously y'all can make a better film 
out of your mom's house.  Plus, beautiful casting...  cause who the fuck 
wants another the Last Airbender fiasco.  With a deep-voiced white kid 
playing Aang(or as they called him in the movie ""Oang."")"

I hope this has Rikki-Tikki-Tavi in it

woah its awesome!! *-*

Awesome .Thank You .

talking cat video on my page

Damn son I'm bouta watch this high as fuck 

It was in India. So why not Indian accents?

April 15th 2016 is the day it's released. Mark that in your calender guys!

AWESOME

Did 1:35 bring back memories for anyone else

damn!! goosebumps here

wow

Add me on Snapchat: Cfontez

this movie looks soooooooo freeek'n dope!!! Im super stoked :)

wow coool

"it'd really shitty they have to make every single movie either a live 
adaptation or cig :("

wow!

"btw: the tiger ""sher khan"" is named after an afghan king (SHER SHAH SURI 
also known as SHER KHAN) of an afghan empire that conquered and ruled india"

ANXIOUSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!! :-)))

Crap.

I can`t wait to watch this <3 <3

this looks amazing

wut

"For those who are curious,
The child artist's name is: Neel Sethi"

"disney, you magnificent bastards, you actually sold me on this. if kaa is 
awesome as you're portraying, I'll pay to see it."

"i thought all was ruined till the end when he whistles ""Bear Necessity"" 
haha #ChildhoodMemories"

awesome first trailer....quite impressive

"Does anyone know when Disney's 'Moana' trailer comes out?? BTW this looks 
AWESOME!! T.I.A"

lion king!! plz

sure as hell.. this is gonna be epic

"Looks promising, the gritty tone seems like it'll match the books, but who 
knows."

Anyone else hoping for "Trust In Me" in this movie?

amazingggg...just loved it..eagerly waiting for Moglii

"This disappoints me. Instead of casting good voice actors they've cast big 
names. Sure. More people may watch it, but it lowers the quality of the 
film. Scarlett Johansson as the snake? Terrible decision."

that ending tho....

OMG...Awesome..

Will it release in India

Jungle Book KH3 Confirmed

"Now just imagine what the CGI will look like in 10 years, by then we 
probably won't be able tell the difference between what's real and what is 
just green screened."

where can you see this online for free ?

it's more like lion king meets aladdin and Tarzan with king kong.

damn this movie is real jungle book.

Does anyone know the background trailer music?



That monkey even LOOKS like Christopher Walken!

can't wait!!! looks like a good movie

"Jungle Book Origins should watch it's back. It's likely shaking in it's 
boots right now."

phad hai bhai

If the animals don't sing and talk I will be disappointed

"Disney I love the animation version better ;_;
Why are you making a live action CGI fest"

very excited to watch Neel Sethi as "moogli"

I lyk Kung fu panda 3 more than this trailor

Yaaassss <3

Nice

hello? lol... this is spooky

first?

This is actually SCARING THE SHIT OUT OF ME

super trailer

Bear necessities whistle at the end

i have loved the story of rudyard kipling and this seems amazing movie ..

i have loved the story of rudyard kipling and this seems amazing movie ..

11578294 !!!!! #hellyeah

"Oh good. They didn't make him White. Like lots of other movie adaptations 
do."

i hope theres a scientifically accurate version of this

Amazing!!!!!! Looking forward to watch this movie...Don't you??

"Wait is the girl who voices the snake the girl who plays Natasha Romanoff 
in Avengers?"

"Damn.. original animated Jungle Book was the very first movie I ever saw in 
a movie theater, and is still one of my all time favorites today.. and with 
a pedigree like that... put me on the hype train.

Disney.. I'm trusting in you. Please don't blow it."

"Umm.... hello? It's the jungle book for pete's sake! the jungle book! It's 
about a kid raised by a jolly bear in a jungle, not a man vs the wild 
episode! It's obvious they over did it.."

Childhood flash backs... The song "I wanna be like you" better come out.

SAVAGE

awesomeness

Is this the creepy women movie?!?!

"What about The Jungle Book(1967) Why you pull a pulling a Point Break, 
Disney?"

"Looks real cool, but I prefer the novel Jungle Book by Rudyard Kipling. Go 
read a book for the first time in six months!"

This movie will be good as long as it has. . . .The bear necessities.

"My all time favorite Disney movie as a kid . And this version looks pretty 
amazing ."

"Meh. Could just spend time developing new content rather than refurbishing 
the old."

Too much CG and Scar JO sucks as the snake voice

Looks like about 30 scenes of Mowgli jumping out of the way of danger.

"Next year, I hope this and ""Pete's Dragon"" turn out as good as ""Cinderella"" 
did this year. Same thing with ""Beauty and the Beast"" in 2017"

Ffs Scarlett Johansson

I'm waiting...........!!!!!!!!

I'm crying - I need to watch this omg

"Sweet movie, I did not see this one coming, but I'm glad it did, I love the 
jungle book, but I think the biggest change in it would be King Louie, due 
to the fact that he looks and acts way more agrressive, I don't think he'll 
try to be Mowgli's friend, but rather intimidate him to give him the secret 
of the fire, but let's wait to see, shall we? Also, I really like 
Bagheera's and Kaa's design, Baloo still doesn't convince me"

I'm excited about Scarlett Johansson!!!

Oh snap.

Cool!!!!

Can't wait

and then Mogli grew up and changed his name to Tarzan.

"much CGI
so wow"

I'm so happy about this..

King Louie is HHHUUUGGGEEE!!!!!

This film looks cool

SUBSCRIBE

I LOVE THE JUNGLE BOOK THIS LOOKS AWESOME

I dare you to subscribe meh or u are a pussy (sorry for spam)

"NOOOOOOOO! WHY DEAR GOD WHHHY! Not another pointless remake. The Jungle 
book was a light hearted animated comedy who the fuck thought this was a 
good idea"

"Wow I'm surprised. 11 millions view in 5 day's. The movie looks great. I 
can't wait to see it."

"There better be a ""Bear Necessities"" sing along scene somewhere in this 
movie..."

Looking brilliant!

I thought Christian Bale was supposed to be Bagheera

  

is that GlaDOS voice? .__.

And Trusssssttt in me. <3 omg.

"I always knew Scarlet was a snake... stupid, sexy snake...I look forward to 
seeing the movie!"

"Wow I can't wait! I love old Disney the classics and I love to see them 
revamped because the younger generation like my little sisters can't sit 
through a 2D ""over animated"" cartoon. It's ""too cartoonish"" I like the idea 
they can watch a movie I love in this form and it feels like a whole new 
experience for me as well!"

"I hate CGI animals. Anyone who has ever watched a nature documentary can 
tell how fake they look.

I quite liked the idea of this film, I just wished they'd used real 
animals. I'm not saying let a kid loose with a tiger and a bear, that's 
what we have compositing for."

I sure do hope the kid falls from 0:54-0:57 in a parody...

"I admit, with some film adaption, changes to a characters race, gender, or 
sexual orientation can be risky. Sometimes it is AWESOME, but sometimes it 
completely destroys the character. In Kaa's case, changing it from male to 
female...brilliant in my book, I think it will work quite well"

This trailer is so good, I have to watch the movie.

'CGI: The Movie'..... Looks great though.

"yet another trailer that makes me lose my faith in Disney, and just the 
movie industry in general"

Wow, good call having the snake narrate, the visuals were awesome!

"I wonder if Japan has ever made as many movie remakes as America. Please 
correct me if I'm wrong, but now I'm starting to believe that Hollywood is 
reeeeeaaallllyyy lacking in the creativity department. *sigh* Enough with 
the remakes already."

momtze

"1:21 - 1:23 
this scene reminds me of one mufasa dies, it looks like simba is near the 
top right"

"Originally this movie was all songs and dances. But now they suddenly 
changed it into an action movie. There goes my childhood memories..."

the Jungle book? The CGI book better...

It's been a while since i've wanted to see a disney movie.

I do not know how I feel about this ahhhhh I'm so confused!

"Really want to see a good Christopher Walken send off before he retires 
from acting, hoping this might just be it."

Why remake this movie? Oh yeah, money.

No ... words .... just super excited!!!!!!

Isn't the jungle book just baby Tarzan???

This escalated quickly from the original.

I don't know it's real Or Animation woooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww

.. what?

Yes Scarlett I am alone out here.

"OMG this looking amazing .i hope the songs which were in original were not 
have been deleted like bear nessecites"

I'm going to watch this 2016! i'm so curious! Looks awesome.

"Anyone remember the first live action portrayal of the classic children's 
novel? you know the one that starred: Jason Scott-Lee, Sam Neil and John 
Cleese plus many other famous faces...I would like to watch that again even 
though it weren't exactly true the the entire story, but then again a book 
and a movie can never be exactly alike."

rimeing all over that shizz donkey cons vs king kongs

What Scarelett is gonna do in this ??? ;)

"i want donckys doncky cons i what sezer from planet of the apes vs king 
cons"

Looks epic

Yasssssss!!!!!

"Chaddi pehen k phool khila hai wala feeling nai aa raha....
Just another movie :("

Awsome Trailer

cool

"Disney please stop making live action remakes of my classic animated films, 
they can make great movies with live action actors like they do with Saving 
Mr. Banks or Mcfarland USA but this is horrible, a gimmick and a insult of 
classic animation."

trash... the movie for kids was much better...

HELP ME TO DOWNLOAD A MOVIE!!!!!

"Hey guys! Our channel is new to YouTube. Please go check us out and 
subscribe"

"What.
The. 
Fuck. 
Was. 
That?!"

Don't you know what you are. . I know what you are. .

Don't you know what you are. . I know what you are. .

go to my channel its called cool kids the first plz

"omg, sooooooo exited!
..
()"

"looks like a dark version of the jungle book but next spring is fucking 
bullshit this year or never"

"Okay, I'm sold. Just based on this trailer, I'm definitely gonna wanna see 
this one."

Nice movie out there

"cant wait to see this...I use to watch this all the time in the cartoon 
version"

"I'm guessing that Bill Murray is playing the part of Baloo. Can't think of 
anyone better :D"

"Hi guys at Disney, the Jungle Book was good entertainment form kids and 
adults for decades. Now you change the content of the book into a violent 
story that will get kids nightmares for days. And it has the appeal of a a 
video games. Shame on you!"

Liam Neeson should have been sher khan haha

"I think it is bold that Scarlett Johansson is playing the part of Kaa. She 
seems like she is a great fit for it. :)"

I trust Kaa more than the trailer.

100% sold!

"Disney please dont ruin my childhood with too realistic animations and 
putting a monster in the jungle book. Please."

tarzan !

"I can't wait for this! But what is it with Mowgli and jumping off of 
things!"

This looks good but I hope it doesn't suck like Maleficent did.

The end was kinda creepy tho 

This...... Looks..... AMAZING

Tarzan looks limitless, by Michael Bay

will they talk in the movie?

"Starting from 2015 to 2020, I wonder how many versions of remake are there 
going to be? I mean, why stop here. let's make another version of The Lion 
King, little mermaid, and so on...and make versions of that version over 
the version itself."

"the world is gonna end this year no joke I am going to every video I see to 
tell everybody the world is gonna end"

bill Murray better be the bear

Since when did jungle book become mission impossible?

Nice intrance I will give it 10 and WHAT ARE THOSE

will be fantastic thks

"scarlet as kaa...woow..cool...i wanna see this movie..i wanna see this 
movie...."

i like that kind of movies ,this one looks fine will definitely watch it

Omfg this looks so cool but so different where's the talking animals lol

"This trailer makes Jungle Book too serious. 

And, no, it's not because it's live-action and realistic characters. The 
trailer looks and sounds like an action-movie, end-of-the-world-again kind 
of film. It really has a confusing juxtaposition with the final scene with 
whistling with Baloo. 

Hopefully the movie won't be like this trailer."

"Oh for fuck sake, they're doing this to ANOTHER great movie? Jack he 
giantslayer sucked ass, Malefecent sucked ass, Cinderella sucked ass, 
Snowwhite and the Huntsmen sucked ass, STOP PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD. And 
here's a forecast for you, Beauty and the Beast 2017 will SUCK. ASS."

jesus did they have to make king Louie the size of a house

this brings back so many memories..

First day First Show confirmed.

Tabaki......manushhhh ka bachcha yeha hai

GOOSEBUMPS ALL OVER

This actually looks pretty AWSOME

"Hopefully this will be the BEST jungle book movie ever. There are to many 
bad ones to count."

Yass!!! Scarlett!!!!!!

maind blowing

YASSSSS

yes lads

"I really don't like the snakes voice ._. like the voice acting doesn't 
sound very good."

"Why the fuck is a woman voice actor playing Kaa? Kaa isn't a girl snake, 
this is a huge let down."

Wow, Disney's on a role with these live action films.

Any singing this time ?

Better than DQE's Trailer ....Superb Work..

I THOUGHT MY BROTHER MOGLI WUD RUN WITH A CURRY BOWL IN HIS HANDS

"this is much better than some other disney movie like malificient, snow 
white etc."

wowiiieeee

What is the name song please?

Can't wait to see.

First Cinderella was live action, and now this... neat.

Scarlet's voice is so Sssssexy.

cant wait

Green Screen The Movie

"Little strange how this is being marketed as the live action version when 
it's still probably 70% animated."

jungle jungle baat chali hai pata chala hai..

THIS IS GONNA BE A DOPE MOVIE!! I'm so gonna watch it!

I wanna be like you oo oo...

"Is it heaven? It must be heaven: an orang-utan, a tiger, and a gorilla in 
the same jungle!"

kaa is male

If there wasn't an orangutan in the movie I wouldn't at all be interested.

"No thank you! I'll save my money and time for the underrated but delightful 
looking Zootopia! I really hope it outshines this big budget mess."

"Are you alone out here ?? What are you doing so deep in the jungle??? Dont 
you know what you are?? I know what you are !! i know where you came from, 
poor sweet little goat ! I`ll keep you close. Let go off your fear now, and 
trust in me !!"

cant wait for this!!!! <3

"Guys, Please, please keep this is hindi as well. We are dying to listen 
again in hindi."

okk... Hollywood version of Indian MOGLI ...muaah!!

"all but, there were no original jungle book with that animated 
features....... never again. That jungle visuals, innocent faces, comedy 
villains, touching story, awesome songs, All of you go back again, back"

Was King Louie ginormous? Did Kaa have a female voice?

Modern kids be like, We're proud to born in this new era

"But where's the singing and dancing and joy

Why does every fucking movie these days have to be dark and edgy"

ya he is sherkhan

"If you want to get out of the Jungle alive you are going to need a compass 
some camouflage clothing, two week supply of food and water, a high powered 
radio and some bug repellant.  But your not getting any of that all 
your getting is banana's and underwear."

   

"awesome awesome...my childhood hero in cinemas..
Mongli rocks..oooooowwwwwoooooo..oooooowwwwwoooo."

I can't wait

"Disney ....... txxxx alottttttttttttt
FOr this Movie.... for Giving uS a Chance to Remind Our Childhood in 
Theaters :*"

"very good effort i hope it will be a amazing visual treatment in film 
history"

simply superb

Can not wait!!!! A classic story done as only Disney can do it!!!

why 2016,I can't wait

"I wish, I PRAY that Walken (King Louie) gets to sing his own dark, sinister 
rendition of 'I Wanna Be Like You'!"

They are going to RUIN A CLASSIC!

wowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww

ygyg

"The Nostalgia...
It has never been so real"

just awesome.....

A live action movie for toy story would be nice.

"Wish ScarJoe wasn't the snake but other than that looks pretty good I love 
Favreau so I'll definitely check it out"

 

"White British made up 80% of our own country back in 2011 (from the 
census). That does not include the ones let in since, illegals, not to 
mention the fact that we know how they lie about everything. They already 
make up 30% of our country, and they are still letting more in. What are we 
going to do, just keep allowing immigration until our own race is 
outnumbered in our own country (genocide)?"

"Can anyone imagine the Chinese allowing 30% of China to be foreign, then 
still letting more in? Or Pakistan? Or Japan? etc. We are not doing this to 
our own race in our own country either. We have to stop immigration, and 
also begin a repatriation program to get the numbers back down to a 
reasonable level."

"Jungle Jungle baat chali hai 
pata chala hai.. 

Aare chaddi pehen ke 
phool khila hai phool khila hai

Jungle jungle pata chala hai
chaddi pehen ke phool khila hai 

Ek parinda hoy sharminda
tha woh nanga
Bhai isse to ande ke andar
tha woh changa
Soch raha hai bahar aakhar 
kyu niklahai...
Aare chaddi pehen ke 
phool khila hai phool khila hai 

Jungle jungle pata chala hai
chaddi pehen ke phool khila hai"

it remembers my old memories

"A country is the product of its race. Our race has invented practically 
everything (aeroplanes, cars, computers, telephones, television, light 
bulbs, refrigeration, space ships, etc., etc.). Can anyone imagine the 
Africans inventing space ships? Race is about more than just skin colour. 
For our race, race mixing will only reduce our race, and thereby our 
countries, to almost their level."

amazing trailer..

Who else thinks the last 2 seconds are the best part of the trailer?

"The effects are very impressive, but that still does not justify this the 
existence of this film."

hi

Is that Scarlette Johansson or whatever her name is

"Why do people keep saying this is the first live action movie of the jungle 
book? There are MULTIPLE live action versions of this movie!!!! Plus this 
version looks okay."

Wow

"I think this one is a pass just like Maleficent was. live action Disney 
never seems to be as fun to watch as animated Disney."

"It will do as well as the Will and Jaden Smith disaster After Earth. 
(COMPLETE BOMB) Good news, liberal Hollywood companies like Disney deserve 
to take a beating."

I would actually pay to go see this.

this is going to be epic loved the trailer

"This trailer looks really awesome.

And Bagheera fighting Shere Khan...I've been waiting for that for *years*. 
:D"

"I have a feeling like even though I see all this epic action scenes it 
won't be as well put together. Prove me wrong."

"jungle jungle baat chali hai
pata chala hai...

arre chaddi pehan k 
phool khila h 
phool khila h"

a snake has never sounded more attractive XD

This looks good!

"Hearing that voice coming out of that snake is a bit jarring to my ears, 
but DAYUM is it attractive. Can't wait to hear the rest of the cast 
(especially Christopher Walken)!"

Can't wait for Moana :) The new Disney princesses movie I think! :D

waiting for the adventure ! :)

I SWEAR OF U..............I WILL NEVER LEAVE THIS MOVIE TO WATCH

i heard that fob was going to be in this movie

"""Jungle Jungle baat chali hai pta chala hai"" - only Indians will get this! 
:) ;)"

"It is literally impossible to please anyone these days. It's like everyone 
purposely tries to find something wrong in everything. If you don't want to 
watch it then don't."

this this is an amazing trailer the hype is real like really is real

wooooooow super very nice movie all the best thankyou so much

what next? the lion king live action?

  

"Just a Reminder one more Jungle Book movie is under production named : 
Jungle Book Origins (2017)

Directed by Andy Serkis

Benedict Cumberbatch: Sher Khan
Christan Bale: Bagheera
Andy Sekis : Baloo
Cate Blanchett: Kaa"

If I DONT SEE DANCING CGI ANIMALS IN THIS MOVIE I WILL START A RIOT

I wish Scarlett Johannson would wrap herself around me.

Introducing Marvel's: The Jungle Book.

Killing all the classics one by one smh...

That is pretty good and very epic!

"sorry... i felt i had to express my emotions.....

also, i heard the voice and was like, Scarlet's gonna be the snake, she's 
gonna be the snake!!!!!! and she was!!! and i cant keep these feelings 
inside right now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

"Disney just dosent know what new movies to make so this is going to happen 
in live action"

Wait Taatmknu months in order to view it



looks great

I actually looks good .... i am surprised.

omg! <3 must watch this movie



Awesome...

The old cartoons are still the best. I want more like them >_<

"All these people complaining about how bad the CGI is, but is it a good 
story? I know it's a remake, but I can spot major differences than the 
original. Wonderful storytelling should always triumph editing."

Really an excellent movie it will be

Rudyard kipling's disney adaptation 

1:36

The jungle book:remastered

very nice.....intresting

Jesus Christ, they even made the Jungle Book generic as shit

"Why does every Disney remake have to be so dark? What happened to the fun 
in Disney"

"Its my favourite programme in my school days--""Jungle Jungle bath chali hai 
patha chala hai"","

"You all just love bastardizing my childhoo- wait, Christopher Walken? Well, 
alright, maybe I'll check out this jumping simulator."

"Great, I get called mowgli at school cus of my hair and now this movie will 
be brilliant for Their hilarious comments"

from #Nunination, Nuniboujie

Thank God they didn't whitewash him.

Do they still sing...

now daaaaats some real talk man!...LOVEEDDDDD THE VIDEO! :* :* :*...

looks awesome!!!

Balu my Fav

Batman V Superman is gonna make way more money then this Film lol

what a waste of money. nobody wanted this Film at all.

It feels so weird hearing a girls voice out of kaa

looks gay

"I wonder why Disney feel the need to remake their animated films into live 
action ones? Sometimes I just feel like Hollywood has run out of ideas..."

superrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

Cool, hope its good.

Wow!

so the story takes place in Borneo or India?

ROFL Christopher Walken is in this? xD Oh goodness that's gonna be rich!

agree..

Musical yes or no???? I need to hear King Louis sing

Awesome!

special effect is so awesome..........!

They couldve used a cuter kid

wow!! so excited for this film.

awsome trailer

THIS LOOKS AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

"Hmm. I'm cautiously optimistic about this. It's definitely different from 
what I was expecting, but that's not necessarily a bad thing."

But why is Kaa a girl?

this really looks epic. I wanna see

"Jon Faverou probably went to Scarlet Johanson and said ""I have a job that 
is very exciting!!"" Because he's the director of IronMan, Scarlet's answer 
obviously would be ""BLACK WIDOW MOVIE?!?""

""No, silly, The Jungle Book!""
""Oh"" -_-"

This is going to be exciting.......

The most famous Indian of them all - Mowgli

Just Amaze me, Waiting for the launch of the movie

COME ON 2016!!!!!!!

"Great ask, but the over reliance on CGI will make it look very fake and 
remove much of the charm."

why is there a bear in the amazon?

"Please, god please tell me Christopher Walken will sing ""I Want To Be Like 
You"" in this movie."

epicest trailer ever!

"I wonder if Kipling would be happy knowing what we've done to his 
masterpiece"

Anyone else laugh when they saw Christopher Walken in the credits?

Finally a Black Panther movie. Thanks Disney Marvel. :D

aaaaawwwwwwww yeeeaaaahhhh

where are the Wolf's....

Its story from india.u can find names from india

"To all the lovers of Indian Version of Jungle Book - 

""Jungle Jungle Baat Chali Hai Pata Chala Hai,
Chaddi Pehen Ke Phool Kheela Hai Phool Kheela Hai""

So waiting for this movie."

Baahubali breaking records.

"from the trailer I can tell the movie has animals, a boy, and a lot of 
running followed by jumping."

ANOTHER FUCKING JUNGLE BOOK MOVIE????

Directed by Michael Bay

India doesnt have orangutan,and this film makes me remember life of pie .

female kaa???? nICE

some movies should just stay animated as a cartoon

PLZ TELL ME THE SONGS WILL BE IN THIS

WIN!!!!

"BILL MURRAY, BEN KINGSLEY, IDRIS ELBA, LUPITA NYONG'O, SCARLETT JOHANSSON 
AND CHRISTOPHER WALKEN. BEST CAST SINCE 'EVEREST'"

http://share.payoneer-affiliates.com/v2/share/6196133393035438089

Mind blowing 

Why is King Louie so huge though?

Oh shit. A giant monkey

no plz

i want winnie the pooh movie

aoto

I ll b waiting fr this to be in theater...

Oh fuck off, jungle book!

If only Walt Disney was alive to see this, he would shed a tear!

Thumbs up for The Jungle Book!

Remember when deadpool killed all of these guys? Good times.

that is amazing movie...

"When is the release date???
I will be watching this one.YEY!!!!
Jungle Jungle baat chali hai pata chala hai arre chaddi pehen k fool khila 
hai fool khila hai :D"

"Bears are honestly the rawest animals on the planet. They can run 45 mph 
they have enough power to swat your head clean off your shoulders and they 
can climb trees. plus they have claws, look adorable and have a huge size 
advantage on tigers. just saying."

mowgli jumped a hella of a lot in this.

The animated ones look better than this

i really hate the snake, Kaa

Eagerly waiting for the movie.

"All i see is "" the animated one is better"" really? If u love it so much 
don't bother to watch this one or even judge it before u have seen the damn 
movie"

Almost 10 million veiws!! (OoO) So unbelieveable.

Loved it... 

Sonu

awesome grew listening to this in love with the trailer itself........

"Wow Scarlett Johansson got 5th billing but got to voiceover the first 
teaser trailer? Not bad! Also, a female Kaa? Genius!"

awsome

"     Android User   
 Google Play Store   App      TalkTime   
         Fake App     
  500-600  Talk Time     Download  
             
           Fake    
  5MB  App Note:-  Application Fake   PlayStore  
  
https://mcent.com/app/?mcode=9UU3AR&tcx=WAPPhttps://mcent.com/app/?mcode=9UU3AR&tcx=WAPP
"

"B Murry has gotta be the bear...






It's a necessity :)"

"I'm excited for this! Whilst it won't have the childhood charm of the 
original (obviously) I feel it will bring a new experience that can be just 
as enjoyable!"

I think this might be The Jungle Blockbuster

The line between Jungle Book and Tarzan Is not there anymore.

Mr Kipling does write exceedingly good books. Hope you like the soundtrack.

Omg i want to see this so bad!

trailer is just amazing ... cant wait for d movie ... :)

graphics ultimate !!!

so lemme guess, Idris plays Bhagira?

"If you did not like the trailer thats missed up the trailer is good wait 
for the movie to drop to say its not good."

is that the same tiger from life of pi?

"The Indian Series of MOGLI is here...This is a biggest hit cartoon in our 
time when we were kid. As a Indian I am too happy that someone is making 
our MOGLI into a 3D effected movie...good Thanks cinema"

"To be totally honest, I'm just happy they didn't make Mowgli a white kid.
Like they did with Tiger Lily."

"I think if they're going to have Kaa voiced by a woman, the only solid 
candidate is Eartha Kitt. Sadly, she passed away but, man, she would've 
been an amazing Kaa in this film! I hope they edit Scarlett's voice a bit 
later on in postproduction. I don't know, something just seems missing from 
her performance..."

the khatarnak film

"I hope Disney would do a live-action remake of their animated movie version 
of ""Tarzan"" which would be similar to ""The Jungle Book"" and will follow in 
the footsteps of the original live-action theatrical movie adaptations of 
the Tarzan stories and will feature songs from both the original animated 
film and its Broadway musical adaptation by Phil Collins with score by Mark 
Mancina, an all-star celebrity cast including Chris Pine as the titular 
main protagonist Tarzan, Emma Watson as Jane Porter, Andy Serkis as the 
silverback gorilla leader Kerchak, Scarlett Johannson as Kala, Olivia Olson 
as Tarzan's gorilla friend Terk, Bill Murray as the elephant Tantor, Daniel 
Day Lewis as Clayton, Jay Baruchel as teen Tarzan and one of Tarzan's 
gorilla friends, Djimon Honsou as an evil gorilla, Ewan McGreggor as 
Professor Porter, James Franco, Adam Driver, Josh Gad, etc., and 
photo-realistic CGI animals like ""The Jungle Book"" like gorillas, baboons, 
leopards, elephants, crocodiles, etc.!"

"Would be an Amazing Master Pieces of the Animation World.....thank you 
Disney.."

i bet Idris Alba is the bear...this looks pretty amazing! cant wait

fuck that shit. this movie was made by robots

"GTR video check it out along with other vids
Thanks any bruh bruh here?"

GTR video check it out

weird... the trailer seems to be good

nice.........

"Hey there!
Checkout my........
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Videos! They suck!
Ok, then don't.."

"Hey there!
Checkout my........
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Videos! They suck!
Ok, then don't.."

"I feel like this is just money-grabbing. There's already a perfect version 
of The Jungle Book. You can't make a live-action reproduction with only one 
live-action entity. Also that kid seems like he won't be a good actor; you 
essentially wasted countless millions of dollars so you could make 
something ""pretty""; this is the mindset of gamers who complain a game 
doesn't look nice enough even though it's fun as hell.

""You know, I really like that original Jungle Book, but it needs more...""

...1 cocaine-fueled night later...

""Look at this! Look at all these fuckin' people we got! Look at how god 
damn real those fucking elephants look, you son of a bitch! Look at it! 
LOOK AT IT!! TELL ME YOU LOVE IT!"""

"I think the issue is they trailer was made in such an ""epic"" style- which 
is unlike the original film. But that seems to be the trend these days. 
Hopefully once more trailers come out it will appear more like the Jungle 
Book we know and love."

bill murray is the bear i bet

YES!!! She will be the villain!!

He is Backkkk...

I'm actually more excited for "The jungle book: origins"

a 3rd reboot?

less love more high tech...too much in her face soulless technology

its realy wonderfull

"Baloo is supposed to be a sloth bear.
Nice to know they didn't do their research."

Chaddi pahen k phool khila hai

OMFG

"The beauty of animation is the fantasy of animals actually talking and the 
events being exaggerated without really suspending belief...because it's an 
animated cartoon. With this computer animation and making it almost 
life-like, it loses the charm it had as a cartoon. 

Wow, I just checked Wikipedia to find that motion picture version and it 
was made way back in 1942. Starring Sabu as Mowgli, but I still have to say 
that it's hard to beat Disney's 1967 animated version."

"Why is it some kinda action chase film now? Don't think they really 
captured what was so good about the originals"

My childhood reborn.

"They are takeing movies that are supposed to be fun and turning them into 
serious dramas"

superb exlent trailer movie world wide releasing movie super duper hit k

"Snake lying to a human about its origin and 'protection'. That's very 
esoteric symbolism to me, but I'm sure you knew that Disney. Just 
entertainment right guys."

I must see this now

"This is more updated version of it. I dont see this as being such a movie 
towards kids like the animated but for more types of audiences."

i can't wait

Another reboot we dont need

Mulan is next guys... :)

"Scarlet Jo as Kaa is pure perfection. Kaa's voice is suppose to be luring 
and soothing. I can't wait. omg."

"would be fun if it was a bit more lightly made and not this dark. would 
watch it anyway"

"EASTER EGG Detected: at 1:27 hits in gives you the little taste of Pirates 
of the Caribbean vibe just a bit."

YES DISNEY YOU ARE FINALLY MAKING SOMETHING AWESOME

"This reminds me of my false excitement for After Earth, a totally epic 
trailer but the movie will suck in the end."

That was the laziest open sesome reference ever

soo nice

If it's anything like the book I'm not going to enjoy it.

I hope I am wrong on this but CGI looks poor. Life of Pi had better CGI.

"Just found out Christopher Walken is playing King Louie. Just the thought 
of that is making me chuckle. XD
""You mancub. I need more cowbell!"""

"you can take the boy out of the jungle.. but you can't take the jungle out 
of the boy."

Really nice...

God that voice! ScarJo is the best! I love her!

"I wish they would just make the film exactly like Rudyard Kipling's Book! 
For a start Kaa's voice should not be done by a women because he is a Male 
Indian Python Well over a Hundred Years old and Still in his Prime! And in 
the Book Kaa is actually a Hero, Not a Villain! This Movie looks like it's 
Just a Live Action version of the 1967 Animated film! I want to see a more 
Darker movie like Rudyard Kipling's Book!"

It just looks so gritty.

are u guys running out of ideas? gawdamn this sucks

they HAVE to sing Bear Necessities.

"Scarlett Johanson was handled by Jon Favreu in Iron Man 2. This trailer 
makes the movie feel creepy-ish to me."

wait Kaa is now voiced by black widow *Gulp*

the snake is more evil in this

"Since Walt Disney died King Louis Has definitely put on some weight. That's 
one HUGE Orangutan"

I cried at then end when the bare necessities song started playing 

"fuck you Disney that movie is a classic and you are shiting on art. a when 
I heard about this movie I was like wtf and when I heard that your a live 
action Winnie the pooh I just lost it. you don't even have a project that 
is not a remake in progress your writers have gotten lazy and you need to 
come up with something more original Disney I must say I feel like my 
childhood has been shitted on"

That whistle at the end guaranteed that in I'm going to see this movie lol

"Even it didn't do well at the box office, I would love to see The Black 
Cauldron as a live action film. And though it's type casting I would like 
to see Bryan Cranston as the Horned King"

"Not too shabby. Hopefully Jon Favrou understand the meaning of the story 
better than Steven Sommers did. So far, it looks like he gets it. I think 
it's in good hands."

"I'm not going to lie I did get chills. I'm pretty excited, the guy in 
seeing on the other hand thinks they're just recycling old ideas and wants 
to see new stuff. 

I'm dragging him to this either way"

That was freaking awesome!!! What a surprise

"Like, are people seriously caring about Kaa' s gender? What the fuck does 
it matter? You can't even visually tell the difference they're going to act 
the same who gives a shit."

LOOKS TOTALY AWSOME!!!!!!!!

waw

"Voice is awful. Looks bombastic with the usual computer generated plastic 
look. Music awful."

wow...i love this movie....(:

This one...could work!

This looks fucking epic.

Tarzan?

"I know it's the internet but seriously guys! This looks so amazing. The CGI 
looks absolutely perfect. The trailer felt intense and that ending, oh my 
god. Some of you guys are acting like Disney is wiping the original out of 
existence (which they're not). If you guys were real fans, you'd be 
supporting instead of shit talking."

does anybody know the music from the trailer?

"Where does this movie take place? Indonesia? Malaysia? India? Because there 
are animal species featured that would not be found together in the wild 
unless we're potentially talking thousands of years ago when there were 
still land bridges in Southeast Asia..."

"Ok so.....I can tell this is gonna be really dark, and no singing and 
dancing....and bare necessities.....but may I ask why the snake is a 
girl(forgot his name) why the bare looks viscous, The panther (forgot his 
name also) fights Kahn, and the huge happy and high monkey looks like 
something off Rise of the Plant of the Apes?"

scarlet johns man her voice is so sexy

"This looks terrible - they just crammed a load of CGI animals fighting in 
to a recycled story line."

"Disney the same company that made the best kid movies and then decided 
let's make awful live action versions of them just because our company 
(Empire) is bigger then yours and were arrogant"

That's stupid, Kaa's a dude, when did he get a gender change.

"That Cast Line tho!
This is so exciting!"

John Goodman should've been Baloo!!

"I'm so hyped for this. It's a modern retelling of an age old story. Love 
it!!! Disney isnt ""ruining"" anything, since you can go back and watch the 
old movie if you want. Two different movie telling two different versions 
of the same story. I like the old one and I'm gonna love this!"

next: ATLANTIS : THE LOST EMPIRE live action!!!!!!!!!!!

"I am excited for this; the animation is stunning. 
But, it seems very unfeeling in comparison to the traditional Jungle Book 
movie we know."

Y e s

"Naginni's cousin, the boa serpent - I guess this little bloke has 
parseltongue tongue too."

"Oh my god, people need to stop getting so butthurt about studio's re-making 
old movies. This looks cool, you got to admit. Don't be such hipsters. You 
haven't even seen it, and you're already judging it. You probably won't 
like the movie either even after you've seen it. You're too busy trying to 
stay true to the original. It doesn't make you a bad person to like a 
re-made movie, you know. ""Too many effects""? Yeah right. Look at Hunger 
Games, and Maze Runner. Those movies are almost 100% FX. Good greif.."

I'm 123% sold on this, go Fav

It looks amazing

Another remake instead of something original... great...

I want a live action Mulan !,Disney

A feral child wearing undies. Totally makes sense

"Woah, I wasn't expecting this much hate. I guess I shouldn't be surprised, 
that's what people love to do nowadays. I'm extremely excited for this. I 
think people are misunderstanding what this is though--it's not a remake of 
the animated film. It's another film based off of the book. It looks like 
it'll be beautiful (and yes there's lots of CGI, what do you expect for 
this?), and the cast is phenomenal. Can't wait!"

ehhhh... not sure about this.

"this looks like its going to take its inspiration from the book instead of 
the animation. I prefer the book more than the animation so i'm all on 
board."

"I don't like how the snake's mouth moves. I think they're trying to make 
the animals talking realistic but talking animals isn't realistic. Maybe 
they should have a look at DOTPOTA and how the apes talk in that. I'm 
exited to see more."

This is long overdue.  I am excited to see it.

"STOP RE-MAKING! HOW ABOUT CREATING!?? Jungle book is fine the way it is far 
out! You almost ruined Sleeping beauty for me and Cinderella JUST PLEASE 
LEAVE THE CLASSICS ALONE!"

my jaw literally dropped when I saw it was the snake talking.

Where's his mom the gorilla and his gorilla family?

Thank you for ruining my childhoods masterpiece

"Haha. It's fun reading comments from people saying how upset they are about 
the movie not being like the book. Deal with it!"

"I was scared when I heard about this but this this looks metal af. Hope 
it's good."

When will we see Disney's The Diary of Anne Frank?

"The Jungle Book is my favorite Disney classic and I can already tell this 
is going to be a really good movie for a live version"

im about to watch this movie SO HARD

Animation is horrible!

"WHY!?!?! They already have TWO perfectly good versions of this movie! Why 
remake it?"

Because to him you are food.

This looks fucking bad ass!

Please stop doing this. Just let classics be classics

Why so many gritty CGI filled remakes of beloved animated movies?

YASSSSS

I dont understand why everyone hates CGI.

2dramatic4me 11/10

I just went from not giving a shit to maximum hype in 2 minutes

"Okay but nothing will beat the Soviet adaptation of the Jungle Book tho. 
Adventures of Mowgli, I believe? It's just so beautifully animated."

"I am impressed and I am looking forward to this. Right away I can see that 
there will be scenes in this movie that weren't in the original cartoon but 
were in the original Jungle Book story, so I'm excited to see where they 
will be taking this."

"Not going to lie, hearing that whistling at the end made me tear up a 
little lol"

Scarlett Johansson's role should have been played by Angelina Jolie.

"What the fuck.
Kaa is played by a fucking girl?
Not that it sounds like she did a bad job; she's actually quite good, but...
Really? What the hell is the point of changing the gender? The character we 
know is male!
What the actual fuck."

Bedknobs and broomsticks is better.

"Wow, who knew they could make The Jungle Book, a children's animated film, 
into an edgy modern modern action flick. I'll save you my money, Disney, 
and torrent it when it comes out."

The only Disney movie I've ever been excited for

Ahhh!!!! Soo excitedd

"Wait a Minute, where baloo's Plane, his hat and his Coat. and 
where' air pirate Don Karnage. this is obviously fake.Disney Ruins again."

dafuq...

you make art yeaaaaaaaaaaaa

Jungle jungle baat chali hai 

wow!

IM GONNA PISS MYSELF IM SO EXCITED

mowghli

Why Is King Louie So Huge?

I want to know if the animals talks or not.

hhhhh

NONONONONONONONONONONO. Childhood, destroyed.

"I like it. I'm getting a Planet of the Apes feel from this trailer. It's 
looks good and can't wait to watch it."

I CANT STOP WATCHING THIS TRIALER I NEED HELP!

"When I saw this trailer it didn't remind me if the animated film but of the 
1994 film with Jason Lee"

"I knew a woman would be the snake, nothing fits the bill with a 
manipulative character then a woman. :) She'll be great."

"What a perfect time for me to judge something based on the first trailer 
alone! Ah yes. I am so cool and edgy! No soul lmao! I am a renown film 
critic with my associates degree in science! 

None of the characters have been formally introduced yet besides Kaa (in a 
sense) but I can already tell they're all bad [voice] actors that have no 
soul based on this ONE *TEASER* TRAILER! ()"

"Basically, i did this play in primary and i was Baloo the Bear  
#goodtimes"

that big monkeys face looks like an oreo

SCREAMING BECAUSE SCARLETT JOHANSSON

Bill Murray is billmurray blue?

"Give the animal trainer the Oscar right now! Teaching animals to speak 
English . . . that's gotta deserve some kind of award right?"

why this

Ahh was that the Pirates of the carabian at the end ?

I like the vultures, hope they'll get a scene.

Tallahassee: GOD DAMMIT! BILL FUCKIN' MURRAY!!!

"Gonna be legit af if you watched the cartoon as a kid, other than that you 
won't have the same pleasure."

fuck this shit

"http://www.moving-picture.com/film/filmography/the-jungle-book_6d1fb9cffb1d

Hats off to Moving Picture Company (MPC) who made all the funtastic 
realistic CG work...I feel proud to be a part of this...!! Next up sequels 
of Pirates, X-men and Independence day."

 

"sad to see no indian names in the movie as it is an indian story. :(
This film would be a mega hit definitely as its already a monstrous hit in 
india in early 2000."

"I defiantly be going to see it I never seen the live action one to me this 
was impressive King Louise really wows me"

Movies

I hope they will do more new of the old movie

i cant wait

"This reminds me my Childhood was awesome. I hav watched d entire series in 
Hindi and 'm livin' in India means I had Pure feelings while watching 
Jungle Book. Thanx Disney for recreating this Fab art Live again. See u 
Mowgli in Theaters................."

"I will stick with the classic, thanks. If I wanted something with no soul, 
I would watch the debates."

"I like that Disney is adding a sense of darkness to their movies but Im not 
really a fan of Disney, so I'm not watching but at least they got me to see 
the full trailer."

"This is just another chapter in the movie business where Disney is 
competing against Marvel. More and more CGI. Next one will show Mowgli in 
costume fighting along side Captain America against the poachers in Africa 
who are killing the endangered animals and then posting their pics on 
social media. Mowgli will have the power to speak to the animals telling 
them to band together and at the end there will be LOR type scene with the 
Avengers and the animals fighting the XMen."

Superb

Yeah baby Chaddi pehn k phool khila hai!

"How are people not hooked on this?? I love the original The Jungle Book 
just as much as any Disney fanatic, but c'mon! This looks amazing!"

wowwwwwwwwwwww............ mougliiiiii..... !

It's a tough day when a tiger is after you. Trust me.

"Need some more Social Engeneering... ? 
Watch some more from ... Main Stream Media. 

Take a smarty pill. The blue pill."

"*I like how people go out of their way to try to find something wrong with 
a **1:55** minute trailer.*"

2k dislikes ?

The snake was too much fake .... :P

Scarlet Johansen doesn't sound very good in this to me.. Anyone else?

"Il en faut peu pour tre heureux,
Vraiment trs peu pour tre heureux
Il faut se satisfaire du ncessaire
Un peu d'eau fraiche et de verdure
Que nous prodigue la nature
Quelques rayons de miel et de soleil.
..."

Yess

I like

"90's kids we read and watched some of our best animated series.....
But kids from 2000 on wards they experiencing whole another different era...
but i am glad i got to to witness both...Peace Out Suckers...gonna love 
this movie."

"If they don't include the Beetles vultures, I'll be so unhappy. 
""What do you wanna do today?"""

"Am I the only one here who thinks that this movie is gonna be awesome? I 
mean all  the characters are cast perfect, we couldn't ask for a better 
director than Jon Favreau, and Roger Sherman is returning as the composer! 
Doesn't sound too shabby to me."

"Another atheist propaganda in brainwashing kids to believe the lies of 
evolution."

Bole to Bawaal.....

Very nice yar

Wasn't this movie supposed to be fun and full of music?

Why can't people leave classics alone!!

This looks really bad... Won't be watching it!

Never trust a snake.

"Why didn't they just make this a computer animated movie if they are going 
to use that much cgi?"

Is there need for this?

THIS BECAME WAY MORE LESS FUN

keep it up, two three, four...

Jungle Jungle baat chali hai pata chala hai.. :)

Looks so good.....hopefully the movie will live up to the trailer!



Hollywood is really running out of ideas

YASSS BATCH YASSS

Amazing....

"Hope it has something as good as the hindi title song - ""Jungle Jungle baat 
chali hai"""

"Stupid Disney, trying to americanize nature also. Asian brown and black 
bears are smaller than their North American cousins, and they are found 
only near the Himalayas. So in a typical dense Indian jungle, you find only 
sloth bears, with their long protruding noses (Balu was supposed to be a 
sloth bear). And there are no orangutans in India. Just because westerners 
have a soft spot for orangutans, you can't put them in any forest you like.

For all those ignorant people who have not realised this is an Indian 
forest (thinking it's some african or south american jungle), here is a 
basic wildlife fact. Whenever both elephants and tigers are found in the 
wild, then it is India, it can't be anything else."

where are the wolves?

Wowwww

Wowwww

nice

"Are you kidding me? Disney already made an awesome live action Jungle Book 
movie in the 90's, there is no need for another remake"

this looks amazing fuck star wars id rather see this.

"please do a tarzan movie remake 
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! that would be awesome!!!!!!!"

MOTHER OF GOD! O_O

"Wow, I know kaa is supposed to be a male but they made a great choice in 
choosing scarlet...she's got the sweet, smooth, hypnotizing voice."

...well that looks shit

Trussst in me, jusst in mee..shut your eyessss and trusssst in meee..

"Isn't this the second live Jungle Book movie? If, I'm not mistaking the 
first one had Jason Scott Lee play Mogly."

"omg!....A girl?????
mogli was a girl????"

I have the book

Where is the Boomerang???

So you're telling me that Jungle book is gunna be dark too :/ Wew

"why does disney have to go and mess with their masterpieces. They shouldve 
left the jungle book alone or done an animated remake."

MY CHILDHOOD choice the jungle book

nice happy

this looks good.

"Meh ! I'll take the Japanese Anime series over any other of its adaptations 
any day !"

phim hay

D: !!! no way! That's super awesome

D: !!! no way! That's super awesome

Shit movie this movie fucking sucks

It looks amazing

is that Kerry Washington narrating

"We want Nana Patekar for the dubbing voice of Sher Khan, which was taken in 
90s JungleBook. What you say folks it's one of the best voice for SherKhan."

AWESOME

the wolf pack seems to be missing from the trailer.

They need to stop ruining the Disney classics

holy fukking damm this is a fucking awesome movie

I'm not okay with this.

"wow............. the serise which made my chidhood .. I am cross finger and 
waiting"

  !

Awesome visual effects...

superb trailer. must watching movie

Asm

stupid question - is the jungle book related to Tarzan in any way?

stupid question - is the jungle book related to Tarzan in any way?

stupid question - is the jungle book related to Tarzan in any way?

"didn't they make a live jungle book movie though already?? cause the movie 
I'm thinking of (cause I can't remember what it was) shows a part where the 
boy is running like on top and through a train and people are like who why 
is this kid doing all of this with no pants type stuff and there was a girl 
too??"

stupid - is the jungle book related to Tarzan in any way?

that's called the graphics... and remind us

mind blowing. superb

n1

Brilliant...

Welp, I've never been attracted to a snake before. It's an odd feeling. 

"I swear 2010s will be remembered as ""decade of lazy reboots"" when we talk 
about movies."

Hollywood has officially run out of original ideas ! 

Outstanding

Its great...remembering my childhood.. keen to watch this movie

bhageera vs shere khan , YES !!!!

Chills

"Oh my goodness!! the** words from the starting **were spoken by that 
#$nake.................."

"_)
<) ) 'Cause I just wanna copy and paste
/ \
(_)
<( (> copy and paste
/ \
(_) (_)
<) (> uh <) (> huh
/ \ / \"

"w-what the!? how could this trailer get this many dislikes!? its a new 
movie coming soon yet the people already hate it!? O_O"

that really gave me chills even though its not scary

this is epic

"Taking bets that, just like the old Disney movie, they mispronounce the 
main char's name, they swap Baloo and Bagheera's personalities, they make 
Kaa a villain (and... a girl, apparently, whatever), and in general pay no 
attention to the book. But hey... at least they cast an actual Indian kid, 
that's something."

1:37 omg

outstandin  outstanding  outstanding 

otro remake de un clasico lleno de efectos baratos gg hollywood

So excited

This is some dark looking movie. It's supposed to be a comedy!

"wow brings back old memories of the Indian versoin of the jungle book and 
its intro... Jungle jungle bat chali hai, pata cha hai.. chaddi pahen k 
phool khila hai, phool khila.."

Wasn't Kaa the snake a male?!

Shut Up and take my Money ..!!!

"eagerly waiting to watch the movie.. love the animation. #Disney Movie 
Trailers"

"Mowgli jumps off a cliff running from a dangerous animal twice... just in 
the trailer. I wonder how many paint-by-number CGI effects are going to be 
in the movie."

Still no wolves?

"Spoiler.....







Snape killed dumbledore "

"Aw, c'mon! How the hell do you expect Idris Elba will ever come close to 
George Sanders' level on voice acting?

Simple answer: YOU WON'T!"

"I just wish it was Jim Cummings ""Pooh"" sounding voice coming from Kaa, but 
I guess it wouldn't be the ""creepy"" effect they were trying to go for with, 
well her now, talking through the trailer. Oh well, as long as its better 
than Malificent."

"Scarlett's voice is not seductive; it actually ruins the tone of this 
trailer."

eagerly waiting....

"I once dressed up as Mowgli to a fancy dress party. I wore an underwear 
made up of leaves and some cloth & I also made a cardboard boomerang ! It 
was fun ! #NoRegrets"

Old is Gold <3

To quote the petunias, "Oh no, not again."

waaaaaaaaaaoooo veryy nice trailerrrrrrrrr

"This looks good, CGI isn't the devil, and most of the YouTube people being 
hypercritical need to chill out. You want live action with these giant 
animals? I swear people are just morons. You seen a teaser trailer and now 
it's ""garbage"" and ""ruins your childhood movie."" This movie looks good as 
hell. Anyone who says otherwise didn't see the trailer without a bias or a 
predetermined unjustified hate. In other words, calm the hell down people!!"

Fucking Idris Elba plays Shere Khan!!!!!! #WINNING!!!

SCREW THE OLD JUNGLE BOOK TIME TO MAKE IT EPPIICC

the wolves took in Mowgli ,,,,, not the gorillas ..

!!!!!!

.

just fantastic

awesome ..

ammazing

where are the wolves tho?

.

They turn this into an action film

"i'waiting ...................

My childhood fvrt cartoon on DD-ONE(INDIA ) 

http://www.indiamike.com/india/indian-wildlife-and-national-parks-f74/tiger-boy-chengdu-t204679/
"

"Images de synthse mlanges  la ralit. Le spectateur ne saura vraiment 
plus o il en est. Faudra-t-il attendre jusqu'en avril 2016 pour visionner 
cette merveille."

I can't wait for this! Disney is the best!

"Looks like this is making all the same mistakes that the most recent King 
Kong did. You cant throw a bunch of money at the CG team and throw in some 
recognizable actors expect that to be the recipe for what it takes to make 
a movie good. All I see is a kid running and jumping around in a green 
screen room and riding the nostalgia rails into the ground. As long as 
movies like this make profit then we'll continue to see B rate films and 
Disney will lose its originality. I do hope I'm proven wrong in this case 
though."

"Is that orang utan? It's should be from the island of Kalimantan, Indonesia 
n Malaysia..."

THAT CAST THO

looks pretty good...

nice wonder

i love jungle book...

i rate it  out'o 10

"The best T shirt ever not made, needs help being created. Please help me 
fulfill my dreams @ gofundme.com/ej4f8tbc"

"Holy squash the level of Excitement i have for this movie is bursting 
through the roof, ALL ABOARD THE JUNGLE BOOK HYPE TRAIN."

"That's awesome
Cant wait"

great vfx

This movie looks incredible

#waiting

Wow... dude, Got to impress for this

Alright, if they do not sing the songs, then this movie is a bust.

Imagine Disney does this for lion king

"This one is really going to lit smiles on many innocent faces...Nice work 
:)"

"The main gripe I have at the moment, is Scarlett Johansson as the voice 
actor for Kaa."

"People are saying that the CGI is bad, remember, the movie does come out in 
2016, so the makers of this movie are probably going to take that time to 
improve and edit the CGI. I'm extremely excited for this film, it's 
been more than an year since I've seen animals have an lip sync in an 
realistic movie. It gave my chills when they showed Kaa in this trailer, 
I'm excited to see her scenes in the movie, when it comes out I'll will be 
making an RP account of her!"

Can't wait to see bill Murray

"people with their mentality about CGI! Man, can you people understand 
that in order for any powerhouse company to bring this to life and make it 
look so real, you need to apply the new ways of the future ( 3D App) not 
the past. Do you want trained animals or animatronics being used? Gosh, 
adapt already to the new way of doing films so the new generation can come 
up we more advance ways."

"Hmm, I'm not too sure about this one, why did it have that intense and 
somewhat action packed feeling like they were trying to go for a movie 
which would come off with a Teen/15+ age rating? I think I'll pass, sorry 
Disney."

can't wait to see this

"I want to see it! I have the Disney original plus a like 5 other ones that 
were made. I use to always watch it with my mom so I'm gonna take her to 
see this. can't wait to see her expression."

Why, Disney!?!? Why couldn't you leave this animated classic alone?!?!?

This Looks LIKe a dream MOVIE

So is Ka a girl now or does he just have a high voice.

"just noticed something why is the snake's voice a woman was it supposed to 
be a guy?"

"Totally fake.Time will come when people won't watch these fake movies done 
using only computer graphics."

"Hey guys, notice how this is a reference to the serpent in the Garden of 
Eden. Notice how the boa constrictor is trying to assure Mogli that 
everything will be alright. While danger clearly surrounds him."

wow...wat a teaser.......most awaiting movie....

i wonder if mowgli is a white boy

100% shit

"no comments.............
great one..............."

Fake, fake fake all CGI.

i hope they all sing because of its the bear necessitys

animated is now mechanical movie!!!!!!!!!!!! wooohoooo excited!

THE BEAR BETTER SING DISNEY! THE BEAR BETTER SING!!! * shakes fist *

This video is just yes.

"I was all smiles when I saw the trailer and then I made the mistake of 
reading the comments. Sure looks like I'm the only one that's gonna be 
watching this thing in the theater. On the bright side, I can fart out loud 
whenever I want and no one will have to know."

Wow....

omg my childhood , i can't wait to see it

"""For the strength of the pack is the wolf, and the strength of the wolf is 
the pack"""

"Thats an interesting turn: from cute animated animals to murderous CGI 
beasts! I am not sure if this is even appropriate for children anymore."

"noooooo they should of not done this lol. the animated classic has 
immortalized itself. This movie is just gonna be an attempt to ""action- 
pack"" the story and people are going to forget about it later lol.....we'll 
see when it comes out"

Awesome Trailor, Everyone Must Watch

This movie sounds like trance/hardcore sample pack

there better be bare necessities!

I can't wait for this

This is Gonna be great Hit of this year :)

"People are so quick to judge a 1:55 trailer they just watched and they 
think the movie is going to suck!"

"helloooooo.... Jungle Book is a story based in India.... where did the 
Gorilla and Chimpanzees come from???????????????????"

Fantastic!

The John Carter is strong in this one...

This Will be the massive hit ,congratulation disney

I hope it will be musical.

"This was my favorite movie as a kid. My mom had to buy it multiple times 
because I wore out the ribbon on the tape. I'm so excited for this. Don't 
let me down Disney"

"The inferior of the two upcoming The Jungle Book adaptations...incredibly 
bad decision choosing ScarJo as voiceover in this teaser, totally deadpan. 
fucking untalented cunt."

"Can somebody please explain to me why is everybody criticizing the CGI of 
this film? To me, the characters look pretty realistic, but what am I 
missing, what can I not see what others are seeing and hating in the CGI? 
Please help!"

"People have been raving about this but, judging by the acting all ready- I 
mean did you see that kid, just jumping out of buildings like it was 
nobody's business. This looks like a bunch of idiots got together who have 
made a good cgi movie but won't stay to the true story/meaning. It's a 
Disney movie and it's supposed to be for KIDS."

"I'm actually pretty excited for this, But I will admit i'm worried it will 
flop. I'm not 100% sold on this..."

At first I thought it was tarzan's mom who was talking...

"Oh goodie, my childhood classic will be once again sodomized by Disney,. 
But unleast the old animated movie, was somewhat original and Baghira and 
Baloo were enjoably silly. It's pretty sad, that the ones who did original 
book the most justice were Russian animators in Adventures of Mowgli."

cant wait <3

"WOAAAAHHHHHHH !!!!
Childhood Re-lived !!! :D"

christopher walken?...please tell me he'll be sher khan

mogli ???

I hope they removed the racist part from the original.

"Okay, I hope I am wrong, but this seems a little too action packed.
I got the bad feeling that he is going to start out as the ""chosen one."" 
Like he was prophesied to kill the tiger or something.
He will later meet baloo, and he will turn out to be some great martial 
arts master.
He will then have to face Shere Khan one on one in a fiery ring and there 
is going to be alot of slow motion. But we won't see who wins. In the end 
we see mogli return to the woods and stand on some elevated point, like a 
tree branch or rock in front of all the monkeys who use to bully him in 
jungle school or something really stupid like that, and he lifts up Khan's 
head. Then the monkeys... I mean orangutans who will not sound racist, but 
in fact won't ever actually talk at all, will bow and then they will pick 
him up and he will crowd surf in a crucifix. Then the end credits scene 
will show that Khan is not dead and now has a robot body.

I hope I am wrong, but this is what went through my head while watching 
this. I don't know why it had to be so action packed, it is like a matrix 
preview or something. I like Jon Favreau, so I'll just chalk this up to bad 
choices made in advertising."

No mango peeling? *drops mic*

awsssssm...!!!!

"Jungle jungle phool khila hai... chaddi pehen ke.... its an ocean of 
nostalgia!!..waiting :)"

This is going to be amazing.

the name of the music?

"Hollywood: ""Anyone know what movie we can remake for the sole purpose of 
keeping our CGI programs running, While technically still keeping it live 
action?""

Y'know, this actually doesn't look bad, but I can see realistic bears and 
orangutans breaking out into song and dance. I'll still give it a fair shot 
though."

"I dunno. I hope they keep/kept some of the charm of the orignal!! I mean 
what made that movie was the silliness and the jazz incorporation. I know 
action sells. But come on. So does nostalgia. And yeah, I guess thats why 
they are making it, and yes, of course they dont have to just make the 
movie literally the same....but this is just.....well....this."

Shit.

This looks epic

good

Those animals are at least twice the size they should be.

"I feel like Andy Serkis' Jungle Book: Origins will be the better movie but 
this movie looks like a lot of fun"

nice....:)

100/100 super

kerand !!

"This looks STUNNING. I'm SO gonna see it in imax. Expected more excitement 
in the comments but got so much meh/negativity instead???? I thought people 
would be flipping out. I know i am!"

"Look at the butthurt.

The butthurt is so strong!

Feed off the butthurt Disney, FEEEEEEED!!"

that giant arm intrigues me in the last part.

mougli u r going to bring back those memories that I hv in my childhood

omg

That looks awesome.

"no matter how brilliant the direction, animation might be , it still can't 
bring smiles on Indian kids faces what ""Jungle jungle baat chali hain..."" 
song used to bring"

impressive

my favourite........:)

"I dont give a crap about Kaa's Voice and the CGI, if this movie gives me 
the same feels as the animated movie or does better then i'm sold for 
this.The trailer looks pretty awesome too."

Indian story nd m proud

This is just amazing.

"0:05 Oh, *this* crap.
0:14 Meh.
0:18 Boring.
0:25 This is so generic.
0:34 Wait, what?
0:54 What kind of movie do you think this is?
1:00 Holy crap!
1:05 Did he just jump off a cliff?
1:08 I have to be honest, I did not expect that. Well played.
1:14 LOL! Really? Christopher Walken is in this?
1:18 *BIG DRAMATIC JUNGLE BOOK*
1:29 If this is Disney's *The Jungle Book*, why so serious?
1:37 And all the epicness is ruined by ""The Bare Necessities""
I'm sorry, you just can't sell this as a dramatic film. If it were based on 
just the original book, you probably could, but this is *Disney's* *The 
Jungle Book*. The one with the dancing comic relief bear, the comically 
serious panther, and King Louie, who need I remind you is now being played 
by *Christopher Walken*. And that last part is why I am going to see this 
movie. 
""This is not over... bears!"""

I hope Christopher Walken is providing the voice of Mowgli...

Disney does it again . HOW??! I absolutely love this.

"to everyone who's being a negative piece of shit about this movie how about 
you get your head out your ass and just appreciate this movie. I think it's 
amazing they're going to make a more haunting yet magical version of jungle 
book. i used to go nuts over the original Disney version as a child and 
even had mowgli's haircut lol. I think most of us Indian kids had that 
hair. but seriously just shut the fuck up. Neel Sethi and all the other 
people part of this movie have worked hard for this movie and it hasn't 
even released yet and ur still being fucktards and spreading negativity. 
just fuck off u bigots "

Can't wait for this movie!!!!!

"Why don't Disney believe in simply but beautiful and stylish animation 
anymore? I dont want to sound like a tool but there is no way Walt Disney 
would have wanted to make something like this."

The Jungle Book

My child hood is fucked

"What. 
You can't just....
WHAT!"



"My childhood is gone!!!! They made the snake with a female voice.....why oh 
why!!!!!"

"01:27 - 01:31 Pirates of the Caribbean song. Only the end is different. 
They tried too much."

Jungle Book: The Dark Knight Edition

Awesome trailer... Waiting for it.....

"Disney please do the lion king like this,and bring back James Earl Jones as 
Muffassa"

"Happy 60th birthday Bruce Reitherman the voice of Muggly from the 1967 
cartoon."

"Hi, I need your blessings, LIKES, COMMENTS and SHARES on the following 
link. Thanks a lot for your valuable time
https://www.facebook.com/1732718273622479/photos/1771528773074762"

"The new jungle book movie should have the songs from the cartoon version in 
it"

The trailer made me feel like I was watching Jungle Book vs. Predator

you can't do this to me..........

"Got goosebumps when I saw the trailer.... looking forward to relive the 
childhood story....excited....:)"

"i loved this movie when i was a kid cant wait to see it when it comes out 
:)"

The starting scene is pretty #$cary .....whoa EXciTed to watch the MOVIE

"sense i never really cared for the animted version and i hated the first 
live action film I dont really mind this new one infact I kind of see it as 
an improvement."

hmmm pirated version of iron man's jungle book ;)

"Absolute rubbish! way to ruin a beautiful childhood memory Disney with your 
CGI shit."

"THE CGI animation, and environments look amazing. Note, they don't look 100 
percent real but what effects do? Practical effects puppets wouldn't be 
able to move that realistically or look that realistic in detail. Practical 
effects might be physically there, giving it that edge, but it still lacks 
the realism and fluid motion great cgi animators can create. AND FOR THE 2D 
people of the world, CG is a form of animation, even when applied to live 
action, support your 3D cousins."

wow... i am truly amazed..can't wait to see it.

"This can never replace the good ole' VHS tape mom would put on for me 
everyday after school."

"why they even bother making jungle book live action again , they made it 
already in 1994 with jason scott lee . so basically is this another remakes 
or reboot by disney .

so many disney classics to pick ., and they pitched us with something that 
they made already ."

this looks terrifying

"This movie looks 100x better than the cartoon adaption. And Scarlet 
Johanson's voice performance is right on top, I don't know how she does it. 
She sounds sweet but manipulative at the same time, and it's nice to see 
her take on a different role other than Black Widow. That hiss, though . . 
. It's like a creature right out of Harry Potter."

Scarlett's Voice *_*

Tarzan on curry 

"When I saw the zoom up of the Panthers face I suddenly felt the urge to see 
the comic series called "" Bone "" in a live action movie...that face 
reminded me of the great red Dragon.."

Itz copy of MOGLY ( INDIAN'S KNOW HIM )

IS THE BOY IS INDIAN

So cool

Disney in india Finally!!! Cant wait

KikiKiki



"What's gonna be cool is the fact that no one knows the characters will 
speak as much as they did in the original -_- A hint of sarcasm? Yeah. I 
know there's evidence for voice acting, but so far, the only character I 
know that speaks is Kaa, being Scarlet Johansson :3 And a speech hint on 
Baloo? By him whistling?"

News: AMERICAN WOMAN ON FIRST TRIP TO INDIA- GOT RAPED....

where are the wolves? :'(

AMAZING............................................!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

"Who else expected Ultron to come out after ""Trussssst in me!"" And say 
""There are no strings on me!""?"

I love this...

"JUST SO DAMN COOL... BAGHEERA VS SHERE KHAN AND ALMOST ALL CHARACTERS 
EXCEPT OUR little HERO LOOK SO BIG(LIKE MY UPPERCASE LETTERS HERE)... 
ESPECIALLY THE ORANGUTAN(BIGGER THAN BALOO)! KAAA...IS...SSSS...FREAKING! 
Where are the wolves?? And how many of you noticed the whistle portion at 
the end... close to Heropanti's ??!"

I actually still watch the jungle book. 

this will create new records...fantastic repect frm india

Wohhhh !!!

"For those wondering if Disney is making all of your childhood animated 
movies into live action remakes here is their list after JB. 
1. Petes Dragon (August 12th 2016) 
2. Beauty and the Beast (March 17, 2017) 
3. Untitled Chip and Dale movie (TBA) 
4. Cruella (101 Dalmatians) (TBA)
5. Tink (Peter Pan) (TBA) 
6. Dumbo (TBA) 
7. Mulan (TBA) 
8. Winnie the Pooh (TBA)
9. Pinocchio (TBA)
10. Genies (Aladin) (TBA) 
11. Night on Bald Mountain (its a short form fantasia) (TBA)
12.The Sword in the Stone (TBA) 
13. A Prince Charming Movie (Snow White I think) (TBA) 
14. (Even though this wasn't animated before I thought I should mention it 
anyway) That Haunted Mansion (TBA)"

I need the wolf gang

    

verry funy

verry funy

love that they worked in bare necessities :)

not bad

still not as good as the 90's mogli's adventures.

i am gonna watch it just for vfx

I'm trying not to like this, but it looks kinda hot

"I was more or less ambivalent about this before but now I'm fairly 
interested. I'm actually rather liking Johansson ask Kaa... she manages to 
sound friendly but with just the right undertone of menace. What I can't 
rap my head around is Walken as King Louie."

Seems edgy.

"it reminds me the Indian animated series called 'the mowgli' . Same 
concept."

"Another soulless re-adaptation like Maleficent. Based on box-office stats 
they think putting in tons of CGI animals, sweeping shots of characters 
running and ting the disney version with some darker/adult themes that this 
makes it an instant hit among teens/young adults. Seriously Disney, I 
realize you took the (initial) success of the ""Pirates of the Caribbean"" 
and ""Alice in Wonderland"" to heart. But did you notice the backlash?"

Disney .......... U rocks always !!

collect the banana, sega game!

why the hell is the snake a girl?? it was a dude in the original.

"I remember when I played Baloo in my school play! Would be interesting to 
see how the movie would role without animation!"

OMG My lady parts are screaming. Yassss I need this in my life already.

ok i will subscribe your all

hey guys I do minecraft and I exploaded a giant tnt wall

Subcribe my chanel pls

"they totally coulda done away with the cliche lame movie theater ""epic"" 
loud trailer music...hows about something more jungle-ish or something."

IM WAITING.....I WANNA TO WATCH IN HINDI CINEMAS..

"i belong to seoni the district of india n this is the place where Rudyard 
Kipling imagined this beautiful story i am very keen to watch this amazing 
movie"

"looks dark and get some creepy moments, if its not for kids so for who ? i 
would like take my 6y old to cinema on this after this trailer ? hell no, i 
would like to see it ? not interested, plus Disney run out of ideas ? 
another remake ? do something good and fresh, not milking subject"

"Why an evil Kaa? Why can we not have the crazy competant old-master 
character from the original novel? Why do we need two villains? Come on 
Disney."

"I don't know much about the original cartoon, but I'm pretty sure that the 
snake was supposed to be a guy??"

awesome .. mowgli one of most fav show in my childhood

oh i love this one .. the only kids movie which is interesting

meh

"People are hating on cgi just to be cool I see.
Tell me, what about cgi makes it so bad?"

this movie looks like life of pi

is this gonna be a musical?

sher khan *_*

wtf when did jon favrew learn to make animation?

Love that bears necessities ending

I WOULD BE HAPPY TO SEE THE WOLVES AGAIN!

"They couldn't get any Hindu celebrities, to voice 1 or 2 of these 
characters?"

"Geez, am I the only one who thinks this looks freaking amazing? Because it 
does!!! At first I was miffed about another live action Jungle Book because 
... there already was one in the 90's. ... I didn't like it. But this -- 
wow. At first, I thought that the narrator was one of the wolves or 
something only to find it's Kaa. And ... I got so many chills at the end, 
it wasn't funny."

"Fui explorador y esta historia, antes libro me descubrio el mundo de la 
amistad y el compaerismo entre hombre y animales. Conviviendo en armonia. 
Ahora como las canciones del libro de la selva, no hay nada comparable. 
Baloo y Mogli, que espectaculo...ese espiritu lo tendrian que tener todos 
los humanos de este planeta. Fin de la transmision. Bip"

scarlett`s voice is so distracting.its like a fcking candy in ur ear

Best seen ever.

yeah thats the movie SUPPERBBBBBBBBBBB

"If this is any indication of what Disney is doing to their classics then I 
dunno if its worth seeing to be honest and I'll have a full Video Response 
to this from a video made by +FreshBakedDisney later on today!"

No mention of Rudyard Kipling?

IL EN FAUT PEUT POUR TRE HEUREUX VRAIMENT TRS PEU POUR TRE HEUREUX!

Looks like if Michael Bay made this

"My life's first serial :) Now in Movie...Definitely looking forward to 
watch ;)"

Tom Hiddleston just soiled himself.  Go jungle book.

cool

My childhood is back. Loved it :*

why the cgi look worse than life of pi and planet of the apes?

*"We've got to have... money~."*

mind blowing

"Oh god! Please don't be like that disastrous computer animated Tarzan 
remake!"

Well at least they didn't white-wash this one...

"Yep..here come the CG hate comments. If these ignorant prac effect fan boys 
had it their way. Frogs in this movie be lookin like Kermit."

"I didn't get that Disney feeling when watching this... there usually pretty 
good but no nostalgia of anything in life to connect with. Far out."

Rock Man once again i will see my child hood imagination

Don't tell me there's gonna be a musical scene

So fcking ugly CGI

ohmygooood

Cool. Is this HER 2 ?

At least the movie graphics are getting better in this century ~

Looks sick

Lovely. Cant wait to see this movie...

"Is this gonna be like what they did with Tarzan? First it was a great 
animated film then they made a shitty CGI remake. I hope that's not the 
case here."

I'm way too excited

I really wanna see this!!! XD

"What the fuck.... This is terrible..... SNL GOT IT spot on with the 
parody... Next is BAMBI u guys."

oh my..... amazing...

awesome

"1) Looks like a scene from The Avengers when the monkeys start swarming 
Baloo, Mowgli and Bagheera 

2) Why is Kaa female?"

"Seriously, Disney??? This is your third Jungle Book Movie and your second 
live-action one! Make something original again."

"I'm kind of sad that it doesn't appear as if the dholes are making an 
appearance in this film, either."

Why does the boy remind me of Shia labeouf from Sia's music video.

Neat

I'm excited this was my favourite childhood movie

"One of the things I loved most about this was the female choice for the 
voice of Kaa. Scarlett is amazing in any sinister role, but I felt like 
this was especially fitting. I loved how comforting her voice was at first 
- how motherly it sounded... as if she was truly deeply concerned for 
Mowgli's well-being. Because I didn't expect the gender switch and couldn't 
immediately identify which character the voice belonged to, I found myself 
trusting the voice as well. I didn't even realize how menacing the 
undertone of her words were until I started recognizing the prolonged 
pronunciation of the S's and figured out it was Kaa. I think that embodies 
Kaa perfectly - hypnotically alluring and appearing trustful to the point 
where you can't tell they're tricking you before it's far too late."

awesome..trailer looks super cool..will b waiting 4 d movie 2 release

"Looks entertaining, am I rly gonna go the rest of my life and miss out a 
decent jungle book movie, nah I'll see it"

"My childhood memories is still full of it when I eagerly wait for every 
Sunday to watch Mowgli, thanks to make a movie on it"

"All the childhood memories are back. Now I'm anxious and excited to see the 
movie."

Awesome

What's the music that's playing through the trailer?

an item song is required here!!!!!

"why is every powerful female in Disney displayed as Evil? Its getting 
really old. Wish they could come up with some new material - better yet, 
incorporate some real indigenous ancient spiritual earth ideas into the 
Jungle Book. Its all about men as per usual, the only female is the evil 
snake"

I like this video because many people is like this video

my childhood fav carecter Mowgli is backkk... :-)

looks good. I'll see it.

OK Guys lets waste our money again in another remake.

Es muy bonita la pelicula me gustaria que la v

"reminiscence !! A chance to relive your childhood days...this is sure gonna 
be a delight and a treat to watch...i bow in gratitude to Rudyard Kipling 
for writing this amazing literature and to Disney for recreating the same 
as visual magic !!... 
Scarlett Johansson as Kaa :D ..tht woman can do no wrong !!!"

"Holy crap, this actually looks good! And the cast choices are rather 
interesting (Christopher Walken FTW!).
I wonder if it's going to include more things from the books though."

Great trailer ... looking forward to it

I hope they make an aristocrats film cause that would make my life

"This is just wrong.. Watching this kid run around like this and the cgi and 
everything.. Its just... Wrong.. (the adventures of pi the new cgi 
beginning!)"

"*Spoilers* True Ending (100% Complete) As Mowgli makes his way through the 
jungle, befriending animals, escaping evil monkeys *which eventual inspires 
the game known as: Temple Run*, and tricking a snake also known as Reptile. 
In the end, Mowgli would conqueror his adversary Shere Khan, thus ending 
his quest. Baloo, also known as Bo Rai in his alternate form, delivers him 
to the monks of the *Lin Kuei* people, and is enriched in ancient Kung Fu 
by them. Angered by his pet tiger being destroyed, Shao Khan vows vengeance 
against Mowgli and his descendants. which inevitably would become *MORTALLLL 
KOMBATTT!!!*"

"I hope Christopher Walken plays Shere Khan.

""Oh you, poor, little man cub."""

"OH MY GOSH YES I CAN'T WAIT!!!! My last name is Mann so my dad nicknamed me 
and my siblings ManbCubs of the MannClan. Really hope they include that 
part but other than that I see NOTHING TO PROTEST ABOUT

ESPECIALLY SINCE MY BIRTHDAY IS IN THE SPRING"

AMAZING!!!

i IND we call it "ZABAR"

"Little confused as to why everyone has such a problem with the CGI. Use 
your fucking heads for a minute. The alternative is to use real animals, 
that would have to be extensively trained to perform tricks. That means 
bears and tigers and snakes that should be wild animals would be circus 
performing marionettes for your entertainment. Don't be such cunts."

I thought the snake was a dude though.

sorprendente de las mejores pelculas que Disney tendra

Wow, just wow. Can't wait.

.....Why?

"REMEMBER WHEN MOVIES HAD WHITE ACTORS??? WTF HAPPENED?! FUCKING LIBERALS 
RUINING EVERYTHING!!""!"

"...

...I guess King Louie really wanted Mowgli to give him the power of man's 
red flower.."

"Might as well make it animated why bother with a camera and 1 actor if the 
rest is CGI they Lucas'ed it! Just look at it are you blind ?!"

honestly might have nightmares now

a jungle book action film riiiiiiiiight totally see this working...

"At 1:29-1:34 the short track of music seems very similar to the main track 
of Lady in the Water by M. Night Shyamalan."

Wasn't their already a live action Jungle Book already made in the 90's??

"The trailer itself isn't bad, it's pretty suspenseful and builds up a nice 
tension and sense of mystique. But damn, this CGI looks AWFUL., Mogly and 
some of the animals look photo realistic while other animals look cartoony. 
Everything is too well lit, and the colors look muddy and just plain ugly. 
If I was told this is a trailer for a videogame, I'd have no trouble 
believing it."

"This can either go to ways, be a pretty good movie or can be total shit. So 
I have no expectations for it."

The voice of Scarlett Johansson is perfect

"Lets hope it's not a musical, cause that would just ruin everything. I'm on 
the band wagon leading to the jungle vines."

From the looks of it. this movie will either be really good or really bad

"WTF DISNEY I hate you so much for ruining one of favorite childhood cartoon 
animated movies. I hope they don't rip off Aladin. They'll ruin Robert 
Williams."

Nude trailers

When did Kaa get a sex change? HE'S supposed to be male.

Y isnt this just called tarzan?

"The only thing I really and truly am pissed off about is Kaa being a girl. 
And Scarlet no less. Come on Disney, we can at least try to keep the 
accuracy for this movie. You already had that shit sequel and the movie 
itself portrayed the book characters inaccurately. Now I get to hear my 
least favorite Avenger as one of my favorite Disney characters? Ughhhhh..."

10/10 will not watch

"yaknow, the only people who are willing to comment on this video are people 
who want to drag it through the mud before they even see the movie. Judging 
a movie by its trailer is like judging a book by its cover. I for one am 
looking forward to seeing this movie because its got all the right elements 
to become a good one, even if it is a rehash of an old Disney classic."

"So you cancel Tron 3 for more live action remake garbage that no one asked 
for? Thanks Disney, you suck"

"well that certainly looks cool. They still have the Orangutan i see... 
Kipling knew better than that"

supper

"WTF IS THIS SHIT?! THE SNAKE IS A GIRL??! AND NO BEAR NECESSITIES? FUCK YOU 
DISNEY RUIN A GOOD MOVIE ONCE AGIAN!"

TARZAN!!!????

This movie looks freaking amazing

That whistle at the end gets me every time.

"Might I suggest a director who did Thor or Captain America, should direct 
either, 

Dwarfs, live action prequel to Snow White 
Lady and the Tramp 
The Aristocats 
The Rescuers 
The Fox and the Hound 
The Black Cauldron 
Oliver & Company 
Pocahontas 
The Hunchback of Notre Dame 
Hercules 
Tarzan 
The Emperor's New Groove 
Atlantis: The Lost Empire 
Evil Genius, spin off to Lilo & Stitch 
Treasure Planet 
Brother Bear 
Home on the Range 
The Princess and the Frog 

Which one would you prefer? Please let me know, thank you."

Meh. This isn't as charming as the animated Jungle Book from 1967.

the cgi looks kinda bad honestly

i knew it was the snake! Mougli is my favorite Disney Character.

"I'm laughing at all the people claiming that ScarJo isn't the first woman 
to voice Kaa. Uhhhhmmm unless you count an obscure Russian version of the 
Jungle Book from the 70's.... yeah she is. 

Also, what is that tune that's played in the trailer, just before it goes 
into Baloo whistling? I know that tune from something... another trailer I 
think. Maybe for something fairy tale or fantasy but I'm not for sure."

There are so many shots referencing other Disney movies

The CGI Baloo my mind. I Kahn't wait to see it.

can't *ucking wait till 2016 i want watch it now :(

"FANTASTIC!!!!!! BRILLIANT!!!!!!!!EXCELLENT!!!!!!!AMAZING!!!!!!!CAN'T 
WAIT!!!!!"

"Brings back so many memories...!!
A must see...!!"

Oh for fuck's sake.

"I was addicted to watch this back when I was a Kidd damn can't wait to 
watch it"

"I was addicted to watch this back when I was a Kidd damn can't wait to 
watch it"

Looks excellent to me.

WOW!

Evil scarlett is super sexy makes me wish I was a snake... XD

let go of all your fears now..... and trusssst in me...

ENOUGH OF THESE REMAKES, ALREADY!

Like we need another Disney remake.

"I kept thinking this was tarzan, I've completely forgotten everything to do 
with the jungle book except that song, but I thought it used to be a happy 
kids film this just looks fucking dark. Aslo why didnt they just use the 
tech planet of the apes used to make their animals, this just looks weird 
and would be kinda annoying to watch"

The Jungle Book? Looks more like The Lion King to me.

too much CGI

Fuck you don't read this.

1:36

"There are too many Jungle Book films as it is, can we please stop beating 
the dead horse and milking this franchise for cheap cash?"

Listen to all that whining.

"so many people judging the movie already jeez if you don't like it then 
don't watch it then

I love this teaser trailer tho btw.."

Directed by Michael Bay.

music is appealing

is this the sequel to life of pi? prequel?

"I don't remember the jungle book being this dark, I remember, ""the bare 
necessities! The simple bare necessities!"" "

"So are the animals going to talk? Because this movie seems alot more 
interesting if they don't and the talking is all just in Mowgley's head"

"Idk about anyone else but this trailer basically gave me an overdose of 
nostalgia. I think it looks great"

Niceeeeeee

Seriously doe if there is not fucking musical numbers I'm out

Why does this trailer look so dark ?

Never thought I wanted to fuck a snake before

"Scarlett Johansson works really well as Kaa since she doesn't sound 
sinister at all."

"This looks really good actually. That's a great cast they have there and 
the CGI is fantastic. I don't get the visual effects complaints. When was 
the last time these people actually saw 90s and 00s CGI. And remember that 
Jurassic Park used a lot of physical things."

i thought that was the snake

Mogley!!!!

I keep reading it as the Disney Jungle Book.

awstruck !!

"Looks interesting. I like that they did a reimaigning for all those kids 
that watched the film in the past and are now adults."

Scarlett should Not have played the kaa.. huge disappointment.

"Wait, Bagheera fights Shere Khan? That is totaly, freakin', AWESOME. I just 
hope that Baloo puts up an awesome fight with that tiger. Also, why did 
they make King Louis a GIANT Orangutan?"

um.... where are th wolves who actually raised Mogli?

"Looks good, I can't really remember the jungle book, but I hope there's a 
boxing match with an ape."

SO MUCH WIN

"t Heaven or hell? Make that decision today, you're not promised tomorrow.
According to the Word of God, there is not a righteous person on earth 
(Romans 3:10) Because all have sinned and come short of the glory of 
God(Romans 3:23). Here's how a holy God defines evil: Whoever hates his 
brother is a murderer (1 John 3:15). Ever hated anyone? Ever told a lie?The 
Word of God states that "" All liars will have their part in the lake of 
fire "". In Revelation 21:8. Ever looked at someone with lust? Jesus said 
looking with lust is committing adultery in your heart (Matt. 5:28). Ever 
stolen anything? No thief and adulterer will inherit the kingdom of God (1 
Cor. 6:9,10).Because God is holy, He must punish all who sin, and His place 
of punishment is hell for all eternity.So you see, we've all done these 
things, we all deserve hell.And If you've done even one of these things, 
and have not repented and believed on Jesus, you currently are on your way 
to hell.God's standard of goodness is perfection,in thought, word, and deed 
so none of us can ever make it to heaven on our own. We are sinful, and 
even one sin will keep us from heaven. But In His great love and mercy, God 
provided a way for us to be forgiven of our sins and saved from that 
punishment. Through the Savior, Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on a 
cross to pay the penalty for your sins. I am sure you have heard of John 
3:16? It's the most famous verse in the Bible, it reads "" For God so loved 
the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in 
him should not perish, but have everlasting life ."" If you believe that the 
Lord Jesus Christ died on the cross for your sins, and resurrected from the 
dead, you will be forgiven of all your sins and saved from hell.(Acts 13:38, 
Acts 16:30,31)"

omg awesome.

"Awsome I like the ouranatange 
"

This looks like crap.

I've literally got chills

"looks stupid, theyre gonna kill a great movie. it was much better in 
cartoon form."

"I know a lot of people are not going to believe me, but Mowgli in the movie 
is my actual second cousin."

Scarlett Johansson is So Bae 

WHAT HUH WHO WAH BWA whaaaat?

Well this looks good

Am I the only person who doesn't mind the CG?....

Hell yeah I knew it was Scarlet

Andy Serkis as everybody.

I think is a little bit too dramatic. The original is already perfect.

Looks serious

......... & trust in me, was awesome.

This actually looks real good I can't wait for it to come out!

I wanna watch it it seems amazing

The animation is awesome, can't wait for this one to come out !!

"This movie has way too goddamn many actors from Marvel movies in it. Ben 
Kingsley, Idris Elba, Lupita Nyong'o and Scarlett Johansson"

Amazing!

Finally we have an Indian hero in Hollywood.

No Just NO

Rehashed bullshit.

I believe it's a bare necessities to watch this.

"they made the snake a girl? i mean, it's more evil for some reason but i 
wonder why?"

Nope.

"This looks absolutely awful. Disney why are you remaking movies and ruining 
them!!! Are you just running out of ideas for new movies?"

esta trailer supero mis espectativas D:

"They threw away Disney paper animation.
And replaced it with animation from Jurassic world.
With a hint of iron man directions."

"Look for the bare necessities
The simple bare necessities
Forget about your worries and your strife
I mean the bare necessities
Old Mother Nature's recipes
That bring the bare necessities of life

Wherever I wander, wherever I roam
I couldn't be fonder of my big home
The bees are buzzin' in the tree
To make some honey just for me
When you look under the rocks and plants
And take a glance at the fancy ants
Then maybe try a few

The bare necessities of life will come to you
They'll come to you!

Look for the bare necessities
The simple bare necessities
Forget about your worries and your strife
I mean the bare necessities
That's why a bear can rest at ease
With just the bare necessities of life

Now when you pick a paw-paw
Or a prickly pear
And you prick a raw paw
Next time beware
Don't pick the prickly pear by the paw
When you pick a pear
Try to use the claw
But you don't need to use the claw
When you pick a pear of the big paw-paw
Have I given you a clue ?

The bare necessities of life will come to you
They'll come to you!

Oh, man, this is really ...
So just try and relax, yeah cool it
Fall apart in my backyard
'Cause let me tell you something little britches
If you act like that bee acts, uh uh
You're working too hard

And don't spend your time lookin' around
For something you want that can't be found
When you find out you can live without it
And go along not thinkin' about it
I'll tell you something true

The bare necessities of life will come to you
Look for the bare necessities
The simple bare necessities
Forget about your worries and your strife
(yeah, man!)
I mean the bare necessities
That's why a bear can rest at ease
With just the bare necessities of life
(yeah!)
With just the bare necessities of life
(yeah, man!)"

   

"looks like Disney is running out ideas... yet I'm still waiting for a 
Hispanic Disney princess."

Is it just me but it looks a little scary... 

"I can't wait for this film and many more in this style from childhood 
favourite flicks from Disney. Peter Pan looks awesome as well"

Right in the childhood, man. IT'S SO BEAUTIFUL

"this looks like a cash grab. we are in an a time period in film that is 
defined by huge budget CGI based films, remakes, reboots, prequels, sequels 
etc. This era is defined by a lack of creativity and originality. these 
types of movies are made by mish-mashing cliches that have been tested on 
audiences and decided upon by committee. these studios don't do remakes 
because they are passionate about retelling the story better. they do them 
because they want to capitalize on an existing fan base of existing 
material. it's a corporatization of the creative process, with one thing in 
mind - money. people used to write stories that meant something to them. 
now big studios are trying to re-tell and re-spin stories with enough 
flashiness and effects to wow us while still pandering to every 
demographic. it's basically a conflict between art for art sake, and 
faining to be art for money sake.... cash grab. plus that wow factor is 
wearing off. i think this movie is going to be flashy, dumb, and cliched... 
and what makes me feel weird is i'm probably going to like it because it's 
going to hit on nostalgia and tried and tested inspiring cliches."

Holy crap Louise's HUGE!

"Omg plz have the bear necessities song in this movie and if they're going 
in this kinda direction, then a live action lion king is a total need! Omg 
I can't wait! Who's with me!"

Some trailer. Looks great. So Kaa's a girl?

"Christopher Walken a voice actor? hahahahahahahaha, oh my gosh, i have to 
see this movie now!"

sher khan voice by nana patekar

chck out my channel for some cool stuff

"how is the snak moving its mouth an how r all the animals doin wat the 
peeple dat make the movie say them to do and stuf"

*whistles 'Simple bear necessities of life'*

For gods sake just leave the classics alone

"We already had a live action Jungle Book film back in the 90s. How will 
this one differ?"

they had better include the song

"I like how it's all super-cereal and then right at the end they go ""Oh yeah 
you like the songs in the first one well probs nah ok bye"""

Im not 100% sold on this.

"i hear a definite similarity between this theme and pirattes of the 
carribean"

"Why does Hollywood insist on taking beloved, lighthearted classics and 
remaking them into ""realistic, dark and gritty"" downers?"

esta pelicula tiene todo para ser una de las mejores del 2016 ;)

"Socker of a trailer. Baloo looks kinda grizzly and too Canadian for an 
Indian jungle."

WILL BALOO DANCE THO?

Mowgli better be an Indian actor. Let's stick to facts people.

"Im rather stoked for this. Seeing as how they managed to make Cinderella 
good, this should be good too Im hoping."



I trust favaro but dunno how he will do it.

waiting desperately

So are they gonna sing... Or nah?

:)

Christopher Walken? Sold!

i'm loving female kaa in this

I realy hope they bring in more of the Seeonee Pack!!

Why would they risk real humans to work with real animals?

"Because Disney is no longer in the business of actually making new movies 
with different plots. There will be remakes now and forever."

Oh my, the CGI. It's so bad

So why are there African elephants in India?

why do we all of a sudden need edgy Cgi filled remakes of everything?

Why is the snake a girl now?

wwwe

"What's wrong with bringing these movies back and into real life 
perspective, it's called imagination and curiosity people are stoked to see 
what the jungle book would look like realistically so stop whining about 
bad/too much CGI of course there's 90% CGI you can't expect a snake to talk 
in real life. JUST STOP FUCKING COMPLAINING ABOUT EVERYTHING AND LET NEW 
TYPES OF MOVIES GET THERE CHANCE I'M SICK OF VAMPIRES AND SHITTY PARANORMAL 
ACTIVITY SHIT."

yes

Ka was a chick?

Am I the only one wondering why Ka is a chick now?

looks good

"love the trailer but im personally waiting for petes dragon and keep the 
musical numbers in plse."

looks scary

"Sometimes i wonder... should we tell American movie makers there is no 
underwear in the jungle? or would they just go crazy and feel forced to 
portray Baloo as Pedobear then? Oh well, I guess babies get born with full 
clothes on in the US, not like us barbaric underlings who don't think 
nudity is obscene. Anyway, I wonder what Kipling would have thought about 
this bigotry. After all, his tale was supposed to be about Freedom. (I 
know, the F word...)"

Now I'm the king of the swingers OOOOOOOOOO the jungle VIP 

I want my great Disney jungle book music please :(

B R U H

=3 this needs the bear necessities song

"Yikes, it's gonna be sooo disgusting and dark :O Disney is not Disney 
anymore :("

Looks awesome!

"Am i the only one who watched this hoping to see the wolves Akela and 
Raksha? Mowgli's ""Parents"" They are seriously awesome and they are barely 
included in the Disney versions. Come on!"

"There are no grizzlies in India !There are no long tusk elephants in India 
!There are no orangutans in India !And I hope Kaa hasnt migrated from the 
'Amazons'..!! Phew..way to go artistic freedom..!!!"

"should be interesting to see but cgi seem to be over used. I hope there not 
be like Jurassic world and have good models used to just cover them up in 
cgi."

Ohh my Childhood

myth.

life

day,

The Jungle

Awww

anyone knows the soundtrack?

It actually looks good omg I'm so excited! 

now the 00's kid will also say my childhood was awesome

God, yes.

I'm so happy in Indian stories the jangel book

"Disney better have put in the ""Bare Necessities,""  or this movies gonna 
suck."

my body got filled with goosebumps :P

"I knew the remake thing has gotten bad. But I didn't think it was THIS 
BAD!!!!!"

"Lots of celebrities, ""epic"" trailer, obviously-CG animals... Eh, I could be 
wrong, but it looks like this'll be another Maleficent or Alice in 
Wonderland (Tim Burton). Not looking too hopeful, but I'll see how the 
reviews turn out."

Wonderful and hats off disney....Waiting for this.

Yes Neel (he is in my class )

scar-jo as the snake is an awful choice everything else looks nice

"I like what they did with Kaa. While I do enjoy Kaa from the animated 
version, I feel that sounded way too similar to Winnie the Pooh, because 
they do share the same voice actor."

Is this Tarzan?

"Another pleasant facelift with disappointing casting and content.

Would also appreciate if movies would stop using this specific trailer 
tactic, I think it's pretty much flattened into the mud by now."

Wow I cannot wait to see this movie The Jungle Book really I really love it

"Looks absolutely amazing. I'm speechless. The actors are all very talented 
and the studio that brought Pirates of The Caribbean working with the 
director of Iron Man ?! This is gonna be some film. "

"I AM WATCHINGG THISS!!!!!! I loved the animated version this movie also 
kinda looks like something from bbc or something like that can't wait 
"

"""... the simple BEAR necessities of life.""

Wait wait wait.... and there's going to be a ""Jungle Book: Origins"" movie 
in 2017 starring Christian Bale, Benedict Cumberbatch, Naomie Harris, Cate 
Blanchett, and Andy Serkis?"

wow!! fantastic trailer

The Snake was sick 

Is Disney running out of ideas for movies?But I wanna watch this

Is that... Kaa? Interesting...

"well if they can animate the animals that good, I don't mind waiting for 
the Lion King."

why are we constantly trying to rape my childhood?

reminds me of mowgli

Looks awesome. Looking forward to taking my Grandaughter to see this.

"Looks pretty good, but I am shocked that Disney would allow a bad audio cut 
(44 seconds) in a movie trailer! Somebody is gettin paid big money to do 
that!"

"Why do they always have to make these live action Disney movies so dark and 
serious. This looks terrible."

"I'm usually not a fan of disney remakes (You can only remake the same thing 
so many times *I'M LOOKING AT YOU CINDERELLA T_T* before it gets old X/) 
But I'm more than looking forward to this one! This is one of the oldest 
Disney Stories, dating back since the 1940's!!!"

Dope......S.Johnson and its sexy super dope

can't wait for next trailer

This version of the bare necessities sound sooo creepy...

"between this and pan i can see the non princess (seeing as snow white and 
the huntsman was terrible) Disney movies actually being remade into 
something that the kids who grew up with the originals can enjoy now."

1:26 So that's where Temple Run came from

nope. this is utter shit.

looks awesome =)

"Dear Disney,
I am begging you, please remake Mulan as well too. I am in love with it."

NIce

scarlett johansson voice<3

another cash grabber...

Disney take very dangerous path

And I thought Jungle Book was set in India!!!

one of my fav characters....

epic!!! childhood memories!!

"Not gonna lie, when it said, ""let go of your fear now,"" it sounded like 
GLaDOS."

Yup.

Waiting

"Oh Disney, you had already made the best Jungle book movie. Why are you 
trying to ruin it?"

Jungle Book and trazan crossover coming soon!

Jungle.book.is.ruined

awesome trailer

I'm genuinely shocked they didn't make Mowgli white

"A Tarzan movie would've been better though! Hope it's a suggestion for a 
future movie."

WHY ISN'T ANY ANIMAL SPEAKING!?

"The silly version of The Jungle Book? Perhaps. The good one has already 
gone.."

"On one hand, taking something hand drawn and trying to CGI the shit out of 
it. On other hand Jon Favreau ... we will see. (It is not going to be a 
musical right?)"

Just make it CGI animated, Disney.

0:12 jurassic world scenery ?

Name of the song?? Plss

IMAX... first day :D

awsome

Nice ...

"I guess they had to ditch those silly vultures with the Liverpool accents? 
I will laugh so hard if they still end up in the film."

ruk tur a awm leh vat dawn a ni maw.. tlangzarh vat teh u

looks fckn awesome! I'm down, all baked & shit lmao

"Why the hell is Baloo a grizzly/brown bear, he's supposed to be a sloth 
bear, the only native bear in that part of India."

Tom Hiddleston would have made a cool Kaa voice

"Can't wait alredy
xdddd"

"ScarJo is Kaa......
:P"

     .

Scarlet Johanson seems to do a lot of voice work...

baghira and ballow are best

"That kid looks annoying. He's literally jumping or running away from 
something this whole trailer."

impressive

90800

"having jon favreau do this is about as good as having michael bay direct 
the notebook..."

"Oooohh, looks much better than the first one. Lol, that last part, though. 
XD"

"yessss! im so excited! they should just being ALL disney movies to life 
like this, and not butcher them please!"

"where are the wolves? Mowgli wasn't raised by monkeys, and why is there an 
orangutan in India?"

keren

bringing jungle book to next level :0

can't wait

"this seems like a combination of tarzan, the lion king, and alice in 
wonderland"

Can't wait.... 

its gonna be hard to top the 1993 version

"Does the fact that Scarlett Johansson looks good in tight black clothes 
warrant her to be somehow cast in EVERY movie these days? Kaa is a M A L E 
character. But we had to be ""edgy and cool"" and switch it to female 
apparently."

dayyymmmm

i am awstruck

"Even As An Ugly Anaconda 
I Would Still Trust It In Scarlett Johansons Voice"

I think kids will be scared of this

When did Jungle Book get so... Complex and dark? idk i like it

first of all, Christopher Walken? second if all day cg!?

Omg

"Wow! After a long time, I am actually anticipating a Disney movie. This 
trailer is awesome and I feel that his will be one of their best live 
action movies. Also, the music at the end helps with the nostalgia 
factor.Well, count me excited, Disney ! You better not disappoint !"

It better have baloo sing "bear necessities"

This looks so good

"So is there going to be any speaking in this movie? Because animals don't 
know English. And I'm pretty sure that boy won't know English if he's never 
been taught it."

"Seriously, how many times is Disney gonna remake this? Either make one that 
is true to the original story (which was AWESOME) or leave this story alone 
and let someone else make a version that retells the original story."

So this is Tarzan basically?

"It would've been perfect if the original voice actor for ShereKhan voices 
in this one but it's a pity that he's dead. RIP Tony Jay"

wow

"I'm all for equality and being more diversity in genders and ethnicities, 
but turning Kaa into a girl for no apparent reason is just crossing the 
line -_-"

M waiting you the jungle Book pls quick soon

Where did he get the red underwear from?

....

Is the jungle book placed in India?

WOW!!!

if it dosnt have the bear nessesites ill be pissed

"Why is King Louie so big? I know orangutans are amongst the biggest apes, 
but here Louie is just King Kong-sized!"

instead of Scarlett Johanssen voice Angelina Jolie will be more awesome.

Damn all these years and mogli still didn't hit puberty?

The Jungle Book: S*#T GET'S REALLY F*@%$#G REAL EDITION! XD

*breathing heavily* ... I can't wait

Looks So AMAIZING!!!!

mogli

Whys he white??!!?? ;(((((

Kaa the snake is a lady? Strange...

"Indeed this trailer is amazing *_* but why the hell is Kaa voiced by 
Scarlett Johansson o.O"

"This was my favorite story growing up... The trailer gave me chills... 
Looks awesome... "

disney always rock :)

Incredible.... speechless.

i really loved it .... :D i vl watch it in 3D

why........

Is that a video game or a movie ? Way too much fx ...

"Kids Don't need cartoons anymore, They need nightmares :-)
But seriously this looks good"

genial

"Did they run out of ideas? unfortunately they keep on filming remakes 
because it's so profiting and we the ones who make them profit from these 
shitty remakes."

That. Fucking. Cast.

Will the boy wear Ironman suit?

"http://wrapmatch.com/wm-apply-form/referral_form.html?refer_driver_id=55f6f2e6d66f30bd292faeea
"

"Malificent was Ok. Cinderella was Good. Now let's hope The Jungle Book is 
Great."

"wt actual f? the jungle boom was colorful and bright. looks like they 
turned it into a horror story."

brb crying alittle

"So basically, Disney is taking all of their old animated movies and turning 
them into live action ones...GREAT"

I want to see it. I want to see it! I WANT TO SEE IT!!!!

Disney please recreate those Arabian nights, recreate the ALAADIN.

we want bear neccesities in this :)

jungle jungle pta chla h chaddi phen k phool khila h...

"Why do a remake of a cartoon movie in live-action if 90% of the movie will 
be CG anyways?!"

wow, now that's something,

Why does that music near the end remind me of "Lady in The Water?"

"That was tight.
But now imagine if Michael Bay was directing it."

It looks good but nothing can ever beat the old Disney cartoons

"From the studio that brought you The Pirates of the 
Caribbean ... The Jungle Book already, in the 60's..."

Disgusting CGI fest...pathetic.

simply awesome

All those credits and they didn't list who plays the main character? WTF?

Sssssssssscarlett Johansssssssssson's voice.

"BAM!, BAM! BAM!! 

OHHO OHOHH OHOHH OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!

BAM! BAM BAM! BAM!!!!!!!"

Scepticism level: VERY VERY HIGH

So stupid do something new disney.

SUPAR

Nana Patekar with sharekhan voice.!

It comes from Eden. Trust in me (sad by snake)

"OMG ! the cute little small kid is not fear any animal like tiger or snake 
! DARING of this kid is WOW !"

"Okay, I am SO seeing this once it's out!!!

Who's with me?!"

  ?    

"it's going to suck, just another corporate Disney movie. There's no way it 
will compare to the og animated one"

w8888888888888888888888888ingggggggggggggggggggg

"Jungle jungle baat chali hai.. pata chala hai.. Chaddi pehen ke phool khila 
hai.. phool khila hai..."

life of pi reincarnated

Chadhi pahan keh phool khaala hah phool khaala hah !

"Disney studio is most awesome CGI studio in world Thanks for bringing my 
childhood memories of Mogli Back"

Desenha

"Cheap rip-off with CGI overkill from the original cartoon digital 
masterpiece. Disney, remaking and adapting the musical cartoons is not a 
good idea. It's stupid. You're going in the wrong direction >:("

this will be good..lol cant wait to watch

"THIS YEAR MAN!
Star wars
Peter pan
the jungle book

*feints"

"I thought Mowgli was indian and all the animals too then why do this 
animals have a American accent?"

I may have to see this movie for the cast alone!

"i don't mind the cgi doesn't look too bad in most scenes except for the 
close up of the panther. just totally messed that up.
but if king louie (chris walken) screams for more cowbell during Be Like U, 
then this will be movie of the year for me"

i need games with such high graphics.

Still remember those school days waiting for Jungle book in Doordarshan...

"this looks dope but why wasn't it a black kid who play that roll it 
should've been"

CGI: The Movie

"Im going to wait for the Disney releases of the following:

Finding Dory 2
Gigantic (2D and 3D animation will collab the producer of the movie are 
from Tangled and music composer are from Frozen)
Beauty and the Beast
Star Wars 
Frozen 2
Mulan 
Mary Poppins
Pete's Dragon
The Good Dinosour
Toy Story 4
Alice in Wonderland Through Looking in the Glass
Incridebles 2
and More!!!!!!"

ooooh i Love nature those movie it gonna be awesone

"If anything I hope this movie ends the annoying bandwagon that any type of 
CGI is ""lame"" or ""lazy."" Yes, it's a tool, and can definitely be used in 
wrong ways - but then again, same thing can be applied to practical 
effects. But when CGI is done right, and even pushes the envelope it can do 
wonders.

Feel how you want, but I think that these claims against CGI are arguably 
disrespectful to the dedicated VFX artists out there and downgrades their 
work. That's quite unfortunate to me as we've seen that the technology, 
particularly through Motion Capture has pushed technology to new levels of 
innovation for filmmaking."

"lol this is so much fail compared to the original. trailer makes it feel 
like the next avengers movie or some other bullshit."

Mowgli is back!!

"Looks amazing! The CGI is impressive, and Scarlett Johansson as Kaa was 
surprisingly a good choice."

"and remember! if you don't like this one, there's another live action 
version being made by another company. also, search up ""shonen mowgli"" for 
THE BEST VERSION EVER MADE!"

This is WOW *_*

Not Bad!!

:)

cool

"Meh, this is why I hate modern movies because the cgi looks too cartoony. 
This won't be better than the original anyway, screw hollywood!"

"So what's the jungle book?
Oh, it's a film based on a film"

"OMG, this was amazing, but where the fudge is my favorite character, Rikki 
Tikki Tavi?"

Was this really necessitary?

"Rudyard Kipling will be turning in his grave. whats with the American 
accents?!"

holy Shit! it's happening

"Why do I have this sinking feeling like this is going as bad, or worse, 
than The Last Airbender?"

"jungle jungle baat chali hai pata chala hai, are chaddi pehen ke phool 
khila hai phool khila hai"

can't wait

mogli is that you

omg Scarlet as Kaa !!!

"If we gonna be doing a cgi remake then we should consider a land before 
time live action. There's a lot u could do with it"

When TEASERS start spoiling a lot of the movie, you know there's a problem.

"Oh my God, Disney. What are you doing? It looks cool, but it's like it 
suddenly turned into a horror film."

(SCREAMS AS THE WHISTLING IS HEARD)

Does anybody knows the trailer music?

ganesan

shere khan,,kaa the snake..baloo..wheres akela?

Fucking cgi everywhere..and isnt the snake a male btw?

Looks incredibly irritating.

"Reminds me of the South Park episode where George Lucas rapes a Storm 
Trooper. Why the fck else would you reboot a timeless classic, other than 
just for a cheap buck. Shame on you Disney."

"C'mon MOUGLI, 
Why did you come back again, We're grown ups. You should've hit us with 
this when we're children. This would definietly take me to my childhood."

"Lol there are no Grizzly Bears in India which is the backdrop of the story, 
only Black Honey Bears ;) :P"

wow Indian jungle boy Mowgli.. gr8 iron man

"Brought to life with generic inception horns and more cgi than a geroge 
lucas wet dream."

Im so excited

"Jungle Jungle baat chali hai pata chala hai arre chaddi pehenke phool khila 
hai phool khila hai. #JungleBook 2016"

why did the ending make me 

All we need now is King Kong and Godzilla to show up in the movie!

"I know what you're,
I know where you came from."

"This looks really good. Good on Disney for making a live action adaptation 
that doesn't look like it sucks. I still hope they don't make that Tim 
Burton Dumbo though that sounds so awful."

looks decent enough..

Oh my god! It's Bill fu**ing Murray!

"I remember when I was a kid the animals in the cartoons were all friends 
even the tiger what happened . .they grew up"

Mogli :D

"I'm sorry but no...how the hell they want to turn Jungle Book into a action 
movie?!"

Is the trailer soundtrack available to download?

There was already a live action version of jungle book and it was awful.

I like it!!!!

wow it remind me my old age

Wow! I've never seen a children's movie so over blown.

SCARLETT VOICE IS JUST ARODABLE 

what are you doing so deep in my pussy?

"I want to see the animals talk before I judge this movie, because with the 
tone of this trailer it would seem out of place."

Awesome trailer !

But why?

"Why is Kaa voiced by Scarlet Johansen? Kaa is a guy...so did they change 
Kaa's gender?"

Disney presents: The Jungle Book - Nightmare Edition!

"How sad to see Orangutan like giant apes, Grizzly bears, extremely large 
Pythonidae in a story based upon The Jungle Book. The story is set in 
Central India which is a sandstone outcrop with tropical dry deciduous and 
some tropical evergreen forests. Cinematic liberties do not mean taking the 
audience to be so naive. The story of Mowgli is one of my favourites, I 
hope Disney won't spoil it further. The central part of the original book 
is universal compassion beyond different species itself. Therefore, the 
authenticity of animal life is crucial to help make the story feel real. 
Still, I eagerly await the film."

"Other than the whistling at the end, the bear was my favorite character cuz 
he's FUNNY. HE DIDNT LOOK FUNNY"

The boys name is Mogley does no one have a childhood?

"I wonder how many kids will be scared to death over half the CGI in this 
movie lol? Also is their singing and dancing animals in this version???"

Woooww... awesome graphics... i can't wait.

This looks stupid. Leave the classics alone.

Yes!!! That movie looks so good...

awwww!!!!lupita Nyong'o plays the role of that mama bear

Omg too good

stunning graphics :)

I don't know what to expect.

was d bear brown? ? wtf!!

why are the animals so giantic?

Life of Pi 2?

At the end where hes on the bear its legs look fake as fuck

Subscribe to our channel and we will subscribe back!

so cool :)

HELP ME GET TO 1 million subscribers, I'm only 1 million away

Awesome

Looks interesting, I mean from what I can tell from this teaser...

s

wow

Oh!!!im gonna cry

Not enough Bill Murray 6/10

MOST AWAITED MOVIE FOR 90'S KIDS.. :)

"KHAAAAAAAAAAAN !
Oh, wrong fandom."

"0:43
""Poor sweet little girl""
Wasn't Mowgli a boy?"

The bear necessities in life will come to you...... will come to you.

I'm not sure what to say on the trailer, but the music is excellent!

"Lets make an animated version of Disney movies and a realistic one cause we 
are running out of ideas"

"""Jungle Jungle baat chali hai pata chala hai..
Arre chaddi pehen ke phool khila hai phool khila hai"""

hope it will include those bees like in the book

"Y'know how Disney makes really reeeeally good trailer but then the movies 
are always sorta meh?.......BEHOLD"

WHY RUIN ONE OF THE BEST DISNEY CLASSICS?WHY

a female Kaa makes it sound somewhat creepy..

a female Kaa makes it sound somewhat creepy..

"Why is everyone complaining about the CGi!? Theres only like one human 
charactor, the rest are animals, have yous not seen the actual Jungle Book; 
it's expected. Idec im so looking forward to watching this!"

"Haha, i thought this would he something really bad like Tarzan, but this 
actually looks quite good!"

1:26 Cambodia?

waaa an non white lead?

Lets just hope that this one is as good as the book!!

"Holy shit Kaa. sounds awesome! At first I thought that was The Demon (Mog's 
Mama from the book a wolf), but then BAM! I lost it at Trust in me..."

"This looks shit!! What was wrong with the original?? Always ruining 
classics..."

"Avatar , Star wars, Jungle Book. . .anyway im gonna drop all the hype on 
Batman Vs Superman"

Hey, whos the opposite of Christopher Walken?

can't wait for ds one

Great one

I don't remember this being a thriller :/

"Female Kaa?
Fuck. Yes.

But I doubt she'll be eating anyone. **sigh**"

What is the release date of this stunning movie????...anyone???

"If you'd make Lion King remake, you'll revive everyone's childhood 
memories. Like if you agree!"

It's just a bear necessity to watch this movie

awesome .................................

this gonna be a hit!!!

"Ok I know Lion King was a great film, but I would LOVE to see it in Live 
Action Picture!!! Lion King would simply look wicked in Live Action! The 
only thing that would make it wrong, is the fact Lion King was an original 
motion picture cartoon family film that all families loved in 1995 of its 
release."

"Sad! there'll be no ""jungle jungle baat chali hai pata hai ...areyyyyyyy !! 
chaddi pehen ke phool khila hai phool khila hai"" song
only 90's Indian kids will get this!"

idk why ...but ...i cried

Still waiting for the gritty live action reboot of Aristocats.

Wasn't hyped until I saw the cast!!!!

Well the new Mowgli can run away from CGI animals that's for sure.

wooow this looks so nice :)

"man, I as an adult find this trailer for a movie aimed at children awful, 
it just looks like a bad cgi film 

its for kids guys, not you."

looks fucking good but i hope its still a musical

It's got some big shoes to fill but it looks awesome

YES

"Can't wait to watch this, one of my favourite childhood movies including 
the land before time"

"Meanwhile, I'm thirsty for them to make a great reinterpretation of The 
Little Mermaid"

6,000,000 views in oneday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

"Can't wait for this movie... It will be so much fun. as if we all are 
refreshing our childhood memories..."

LOVLY

"When they're done with this they should remake Casablanca as well; if they 
did it right they'd make a killing at the box office."

*Now make a CGI TaleSpin to go with it and my life will be complete!*

il en faut peu pour tre heureux

when is it coming out? looks awesome i gotta see this

"Look at all that footage they are going to reuse in the inevitable lion 
king movies."

epic its a good film

Are we getting a remake ofbear necessities song too? xD

"Everybody thats an Indian movie Mowgli ...... they have also mentioned it 
...."

"I just hope that they atleast do some justice to the original work of 
Kipling.."

"Same problem as most modern films these days, way to much CGI, making it 
look and feel cartoon like, which seems a little pointless to me. Mad Max 
fury road showed how it should/could be done, but really Disney didn't have 
to re visit this already perfect film."

"This actually looks alright. I was a bit skeptical, as the 1967 movie is 
one of my favourites from Disney (certainly from that time period), but I 
might go see this when it comes out."

holy fuck i cant wait!

"WOW you can trust in me !!! really disney, shut up and take my money 
already"

Mukesh kumar

"Soooooo many memories are back!!! (mostly from NES version of Jungle Book) 
#Nostalgia"

"This looks awesome! It doesn't feel like the old cartoon but it feels like 
a new breath-taking adventure with superb casting!"

wow !!! spectacular.. amazing trailer.. can't wait for the movie ..

"Nobody asked you people to go and watch...if possible just watch..else shut 
up the mouth"

"creepovatno


        )"

wow

"Disney has all of their movies planed out for the next 20 or so years. I'm 
sure there's a list of all of the Live actions remakes they are doing 
somewhere online."

"Why is King Louies hand so big when it reaches out the window to grab 
Mowgli?"

"old mougli was cartoon, but tis is motion movie amazing, hats off for disney
waiting for tis movie"

"I cant be only only one who always thought that kid from the jungle book is 
young tarzan"

Looks like Life of Pi for kids... and that ain't a bad thing.

mEH...... WAIT BILL FREAKIN MURRY!!!!!!!! AWESOME!!

#CantWait

NICE

nice

"GODDDAMMMIIITTT Neville Longbottom..!!! You were supposed to kill 
NAGINI....!!"

"SERIOUSLY DISNEY???  YOU'LL REMAKE ""THE JUNGLE BOOK"" BUT NOT *""GARGOYLES""*???    
Let's ask anyone reading this post.  Ok people, just post your response to 
this question.   Would you rather see ANOTHER remake of *""The Jungle Book""* 
OR would you like to see *""GARGOYLES""* finally grace the Silver Screen??"

"Why are some people getting angry about this!? Disney aren't removing the 
classic Jungle Book and replacing it with this, they're not forcing you to 
watch it either. It seems like they're retelling it based on the ORIGINAL 
jungle book.
Who cares if it's 90% CGI?! Get over it and think about the story & 
character development, I'm so excited for this."

Next action packed adventure: The 3 little sniper pigs.

"I was rather meh on it, until they show that the movie ends the same way as 
the book does. So it might actually be a more faithful adaptation, as 
opposed to the original which seemed to completely ignore the book. 

Now you have my attention disney!"

this movie shere Khan b interesting to watch.

woww !!!

awesome... it's movie remind my childhood time.

I hope they still do all the songs.

wow

"This looks magical.

nuff said."

"My son loves the Jungle Book just as it is. There is no way I would let him 
watch this version as a child, it seems quite frightening!"

Okay! That's it! They've crossed the line! Disney, you've gone too far!!!

looks badass

So the snake suddenly has a way larger role?

1 Nember na pav

This is awesome

wow... awaiting the release...

Purely awesome

"The trailer was good, but all i want a start song 'chaddi pahan k phool 
khila hai..' ;)"

This looks like the most boring film ever. CGI heavy snorefest.

I didn't know King Kong was in this movie.

bro

Great! An creature feature from Walt Disney, that's nice.

"CGI looks terrible.
In any movie."

"So instead of using the original stories written by Rudyard Kipling, 
they're going to make it a darker and edgier live action version of the 
animated movie.

Yeah this is going to be John Carter all over again."

Ugh... I guess we couldn't possibly have skipped remaking the bad ones huh?

Cool

"Kaa is a male snake in the book.
WHY THE @#$% IS HE SCARLET JOHANSON IN THIS!!!!!"

Baloo! I'm so gonna watch this! Even if its Illuminatti.

classic is back....cheers...

Can not wait for this movie. Can't contain excitement.SOMEONE HOLD ME!!

"no no no this is bull shit where's the colorfulness where's the singing 
what is this you can't change this Disney this is bull shit and you know it"

I can't wait for colonel hathi's march

"The trailer made me think they are going to show us a bad ass version of 
the story which makes me wonder if they are going to create different 
versions for every song in this movie. Is this even musical ?"

  

"At first, i'd be pissed if the make my childhood film into an action movie, 
but after hearing Trust in Me and Bear Necessity... you just got my seal of 
approval"

"""What do you do alone in the jungle?.... I 'll keep you close.... and 
trussssst in me...."" said the reptile!....
Brilliant reptiles! Very briliant! trussssssst in you... 
Nicccccce movie Disssssssney! We are looking forword to ssssee the new 
messsssages hiden in thissssss beautiful movie."

wow Mogali??? i used to like Mogali's books when i was like 5 or 6 <3

surely will want it in a blu ray @ home

Reminded me of temple run ..................

"I think only the Mowgli is Live action and everything else is ""CGI"", which 
is Super Duper Epic Fantastic!"

Where are the wolves?

fuck disney

felt like a SAW horror films for the kids

Where are the Wolves??????????????

And at first I thought it was going to be another crappy remake! :D

"Oh my God !!!! 
you gotta see this. 


Link: http://sh.st/v3BNG"

very nice, i love this video

"I lost it at the whistling in the end. Fuck man this was my childhood and 
until now, i still jam into Bare Necessities."

"if the teaser is awesome how will be the trailer and movie its going to be 
extreme .can't wait"

I can't wait!!!!!!!

"well, Disney just turned one of my favorite cartoons into something wicked 
(in a good way)."

Rudyard Kipling's tribute to all my fellow Indians....mowgli aa gaya!

the ending whistle thooo 

"I'm so happy to see Disney is continuing its proud tradition of erasing the 
name of the original creators of the stories they film. Rudyard Kipling - 
who's that and who cares? ""From the people who removed Victor Hugo's name 
from that musical hunchback film (and the producers who think Hans 
Christian Anderson and the Grimm brothers don't deserve recognition) comes 
DISNEY'S 'The Jungle Book' - because authors don't matter.""

I look forward to someday seeing a trailer for ""Disney's 'The New 
Testament'"" or ""Disney's 'The Catcher in the Rye'."""

"Really excited! Brings back all the childhood memories. High hopes for this.

But where are the beautiful colors Disney?"

Please, next make the Tarzan good film!

i cried ok not really but this is beautiful i cant wait my entire childhood

"WHAT. NOT A TRAILER FOR A TRAILER? AN ACTUAL TRAILER??? 
BWDHGHTYUIO123ASLKIOYU"

This makes ne wanna cry

King Louie is all like "I'm the king of death ooooh,the grave yard V.I.P"

Yes they picked a kid of colour aswell!! THANK YOU!

Here is a suggestion DEVELOP NEW IP'S!

WHat with the kid, doesnt even talk

Great sequel. I love it

where are the wolves ????

"love that indian boy as a mowgli..........i think this movies worth 
watching..."

With just the bare necessities of life ~ :-P

I love baloo

"Kaa's a girl in this one?? Different, but it'll be interesting to see how 
it turns out!"

"any particular reason Kaa needed to be female in this version? not feeling 
the grimdark atmosphere tbh why does disney feel the need to reboot their 
films this way?"

"yes everyone will hate how it's a remake but cmon people I mean it would be 
at least kind of neat to see some real life representation of the cartoon. 
It may not be accurate but I mean they are trying to bring back our 
childhood at least."

I need to know what Christopher Walken voices now

#NAME?

"Looks like shit. Especially the voice actor for the sake. So boring it puts 
me to sleep."

"Now all i want is a live action Lion King with the Timon hula dance. ""What 
do you want me to do? dress in drag and do the hula?"""

Looks beautiful.

"what's next?
Robin Hood?"

Must. Stop. Hyperventilating. O_O

THIS IS GANNA BE EPIC!!

looks cool!!

thats an amazing trailer

"> GGI Fuck fest (check)
> Remake to appeal to nostalgia (check)
> Serious take on upbeat material (check)
Yep, looks like a cash grab to me."

1:03 just awesome

Does it have the bare necessities?

ENOUGH. FUCKING. REMAKES.

the bear necessities..~

"That end part with the bear whistle reminds me of the Sega Genesis game and 
cartoon"

Hur hur CGI sucks hur hur

Nice

"hope this is ok please help S.R.A.P clean up the oceans from trash and 
abandoned boats https://www.gofundme.com/mysrap"

"dam it...... just because of my childhood I will watch it.... as much as I 
want to hate, I will give it a shot."

say yes , if it reminds u, ur childhood t.v. cartoons !!!!

"Lets see what other classics they can ruin next with a movie you will 
forget by the next mornin! lloolol"

WTF is with all the dislikes?, This movie is going to be badass!

Scarlett love u , also bear necessities, simple bear necessities

Is anyone else literally hypnotized by Scarlett's voice acting?

Looks awesome haha

tn phim l g th mn

too kook

"All these people going ""There's a lot of CGI in this."" Uh ya, no fkin shit. 
I don't suppose you have a Tiger and Panther just chillin in your backyard 
ready to fight when you snap your fingers. But i digress...the cartoon 
movie was a huge part of my childhood, and I'm hoping for a movie filled 
with nostalgia and good times. I really hope the vulture sequence is in 
this too lol."

Bagheeeeeeeeeeeraaaaaaah!

"baloo the bear,kaa the snake,sher khan the tiger..my awesome childhood 
treasure....!!!!!!!!!...JUNGLE BOOK MY MOST FAVOURITE...!!!!"

"At 1:28 the soundtrack sounds very much like Pirates of the Caribbean. 
Movie looks pretty awesome."

"wohoooooooo....my favourite..expected most to see in visual by 
disney...thanks to the team..waiting eagerly..!!!"

"I wonder what the original voice actor for Baloo the bear will say about 
this movie"

please dont suck PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!!!

unbeatable jungle book......

KAAAAAHHHNNN

give me Civil War, Dammit.

Is Bill Murray going to voice Baloo?

Because remakes are so in.

Ech.

"I've been wondering for a long time.. Does anybody read Disney as gisnep? 
When I was a kid I thought that they were two totally different things."

okay, but will my favourite songs be sung in this movie?

Is this a sequel to Slumdog?

"A Perfect example of how an old-time animated classic with a feel can be 
transformed into an unfeeling CG-boosted mechanical movie."

The INDIAN Jungle... :) :)

"disney it won the rights to this book somewhere ein the 1900s and create 
the disney classic then in the 21st century they did what they did to peter 
pan and mickey mouse and completely craped on it by making a dumb tv show 
but now is thks movie gona be good? maybe maybe"

waiting for movie

No!!! God no!!!! Please!!!! No more reboots Disney!!!

but he was raised by wolves not panther

Some of will live to see Remakes of Remakes. ..

ruined another great children's movie

I am so fucking excited for this movie!!!

*Awesome!!!!*

Next: Lion King

"FINALLY!
A live action reboot that makes sense to me!"

OMG CANT WAIT

Awesome #can't wait

Awesome #can't wait

Looks so daum awesome...PLEASEEEE DON'T disappoint!

Where are the wolves.... :(

Yes.

"i am actually super excited for this!! :D it looks pretty intense for 
something as child-friendly as the jungle book movie we all know; i hope 
they keep it that way and don't make it TOO child friendly so that it 
looses its grittiness. and the animation looks amazing!!!!!"

I'm DEFINITELY seeing it now!!!! Who else is!?!?!?!? :D

I don't like the fact that it's live action

Scarlett Johansen as Kaa is terrible.

"In the original story Kaa is a Good guy who helps Mowgli, why did Disney 
turn Kaa into a villain."

"Disney have stepped up their game so much.... Avengers, star wars, now 
this?.... watch Disney buy the lord of the rings and make 3 more movies, 
they'd probably be good lol"

"This movie looks like a waste. Disney needs to STOP ruining CLASSICS. 

The cartoon Jungle Book was fine as is."

"People are hating on this just to hate. I am excited to see this and I'm 
even more excited to be bringing my little cousins to see this film 
especially the youngest one. I've been trying to cram the movies from my 
generation in her mind so she won't be as bad as other kids are in this 
generation."

OMG! I can't wait for this!! <3

Yaay more CGI! Not.

nice

adr

"1:05 I don't know why but the way he jumps of the cliff at 1:04 cracks me 
up"

omg childhood man why u gotta remind me

"he must use really good laundry detergent because those shorts are just too 
clean"

"I really hate that people act like they've seen the movie already. Give it 
a chance."

IMAX 3D HERE I COME!

"The original was so magical... I'm up for this movie but still... I guess 
i'll see the original jungle book today"

"Looks awesome!! Bill and ScarJo?? Yes please!! And people crying about it 
being CGI should really consider how lucky they are...its pretty impossible 
to get shots of a live bear, panther, tiger, and giant snake hanging out 
with an 8 year old kid but living in this day in age, we basically fucking 
get to!! Hell yeah CGI!!!"

Wow Great !

i like i want wacth

I don't know what to think about this.

1:14 Michael Bay moment

I just finished the book and I know how it ends.

That's one big Orangutan

I got the chills XD

oooooo nooooooo. I want to see this now. Arrrrgggghhhh

vaya pelicua fea

Looks incredible!

"AAAHHH, I'm so excited for this! Kaa's voice sounds so sinister... it gives 
me goosebumps!"

The cartoon was warm and fuzzy to watch as a kidthis looks scary.

"they only did a live-action version in 1995! so why do they want to do it 
again?"

"I was gonna bail on this until I saw Christopher Walken... I just hope he's 
doing Shere Khan!"

SCARLET JOHANNSON YASSSS

This is the most stupid thing i have ever seen i don't even

KAA IS A GIRL...?!?!?!

Sher Khan (tiger) is best

"Just image Christopher Walken saying or singing ""I want to be like you."" If 
they said that Bill Murray will sing his version of Bare Necessities, then 
I would bet Christopher Walken sing I Want to be Like You."

"I don't mean to be sexist, but isn't Kaa supposed to be male? I mean I'm 
cool with Scarlett Johansson, but still. Also, it's kind of clever having 
Bill Murray as Baloo!"

FUCK YEAH

Stay Away SATAN!

OH. MY. GODDD

"This looks really good! Ka is soooo scary though. Doesn't help my huge 
irrational fear of big snakes."

So the boy who lives is a parseltoungue !!

Siiiii

"oh homi holy balls! will I imagine that live action might end up being that 
new thang? ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...



IDK!"

Another trash Disney movie

"Really adore this young boy
Waiting for full movie"

Looks cold

FUCK YES

They better sing Bear Necessities!!

"This is going to be so much more accurate than the other movie I'm so 
excited!!!!"

more like The CGI Book

"I think Bill Murray will kill at as Baloo... Just... God I wish they'd have 
a full musical number for Bare Necessities, and it seems based on 
everything that Favreau has revealed, that this simply will not be the case 
:("

Starring Skaarlett Johanson.

"The bear necessities....
It's about fucking time!!!!"

BIll Murray is Shere Khan!

"Ive read the original jungle book and this looks very close to the source 
material so im very excited "

Gave me the chills!

So King Louie is a gigantopithicus now?

Looks like they're trying to make this movie gritty. no thanks

oh my goooooooooooooood!!!!!!

I hope this is well done because the jungle book was my childhood

"Does anyone else realize that this will be the THIRD live action Jungle 
Book by Disney? (The original live action + a prequel). Not that I'm upset. 
The original live action one was very far from the animated feature roots."

I. Am. Intrigued.

So......the kids a Slytherin?

Awesome, another remake that I WONT be seeing!

Mother fuckin awesome

I got a little teary when I heard the song..lol Memories! Can't wait

Sweet!

"I never took Kaa all that seriously in the animated version. Now I can 
really hear and see the seduction and intimidation in this one."

"This and Mulan were the only two Disney stories I ever thought were good. I 
grew up with this story and it makes 6 year old me veeery excited!!"

"Did they change the snake to a girl just to include more female cast 
members? :/ Scarlet Johansen's voice feels weird put to a snake, like her 
voice doesn't fit the body somehow (not physically obviously, more like the 
opposite of how well Aslan's voice worked in The Lion, the Witch, and the 
Wardrobe). 

Regardless, this looks like a cool movie."

oh yes

"Idris Elba as Shere Khan is literally the most perfect casting choice 
ever...other than Ryan Reynolds as Deadpool of course"

I am now very much looking forward to this movie

"The last shot, Baloo whistling while swimming over a river with Mowgli 
riding over him. Wow this is happening, its finally happening !!!"

"This looks amazing! I guess it's high time I actually watch the original 
animated movie now, isn't it?"

Imagine this live action Baloo singing "The Bare Necessities"

those last few seconds made me smile :)

"Not even a shadow close to the 1995 epic. It looks so fake and evil. Takes 
away the brilliance of the original."

"This live action movie has more animation than the animated movie. I hope 
it's good!"

We miss u Mowgli......... waiting for u 15 years :)

"Glad I didn't see ""M. Night Shyamalan""at the end of the trailer, 
otherwise..."

So is mogle played by mohinder or matt

no hay ideas nuevas ?

Looks like life of pi, but still....YES!

Well it might be good

My childhood!!

looks really awesome and those casts is freakin' huge!

"I fucking hate CGI. It has ruined heart and creativity. this looks like a 
video game with an actor in front of a green screen."

Needs more cowbell

"I have no hope for this movie being as good as the original, but god damn 
am I gonna see this movie just for Bill Murray and Christopher Walken!"

"Movie looks OK according to this trailer, but why does Kaa sound like a 
woman -__________________- 

Never mind, I've been reading the comments, and I'm now fine as Kaa being a 
female...that voice does sound luring...

The fight with Bagheera and Shere Khan looks great though. King Louie looks 
kinda a bit too huge though.

And that scene with Baloo and Mowgli at the end is cute :D"

"I love Disney Movies. As a kid I loved them, and still enjoy watching their 
movies to this day. Never was a big fun of Jungle Book, even though I must 
have watched it a billion times. That being said, I am really stoked for 
this movie! No idea why, maybe it's just the well thought out trailer, or 
my curiosity wondering how this movie will be in ""Live Action.""

If this goes well, I would really love to see a Lion King movie made. All 
time favorite Disney always will be. Don't know how they would make it 
work, or why would they ever remake the movie..Maybe just my curiosity 
kicking in again but I can't help imagine how epic a CGI Live Action fight 
between Simba and Scar would be! I mean come on, it would be worth it just 
for that scene! So I am hoping!

Long Live the King!"

bear necesities

"People complaining about the CGI. W T F? You expect a real bear to sing 
with the Mogli? Let us enjoy our childhood in peace"

Makes me wanna see a Tarzan film next!

damn!!!

"The animals could have used a little more expressions to go with the 
voices."

Why does everything have to have a gritty remake

"Well I fucking HATE the Disney animated feature. I grew up loving Kipling & 
the perfect Korda Brothers film. This is more like it :) Can't wait. If 
it's as good as the trailer looks then this generation will have a REAL 
version of the story. Just thinking of that awful awful shitty animated 
feature makes my skin creep. And I'm a Disney fan/animation junkie."

for every ten year old it will be magic for the rest of you fuck off

"BUMBOCLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT 
MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADDDDDDDDD"

IM SO FREAKING REAAADDDDYYYYYY

POO

sweet looks awesome

"The bare necessities song being whistled at the end by Baloo gave me 
chills!!!"

Richard parker, is that you?

"The goofy 60s cartoon looks like its going to crap all over this serious 
'realistic' iteration"

DAMM AMAZING

Why did they make Kaa a girl?!

"Guy, im only 1 sub away from 20! It would be nice if you could help me out 
:) I wanna reach 20-25 subs by tonight :D"

wowwwwwwwww....worth to watch!!

"The snake has a women's voice!

Maybe they make a Lion King one,.. that be bad AZZ'ed!"

Man I hope Idris Elba voices shere.khan

that last scene earned my like

YOU'RE IN THE JUNGLE BABYYYYYY

If you are a big movie buff... ignore the comment section. So bad.

"Jon Favreau is directing this? um...mehhhh!!!! also, the CGI looks awful! 
please don't ruin my childhood!"

OMG so ready for this movie

"SO Disney is making a habit of remaking classics into motion pictures 
please state which ones you want to see!"

i hope it won't be 2 dark

WE NEED THE LION KING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

"REALLY psyched for this, but I'm not sure how I feel about Scarlett 
Johansson voicing Kaa... I liked that character more as a male role! Why 
change the gender?"

"If Mowgli and that CGI Baloo don't sing Bear Necessities I am going to be 
disappointed."

I'm on team Locke honestly.

AH man, I loved this when i was a kid, I hope they do it justice.

better have Louis Prima in there somewhere

"I don't have a problem with Kaa being made female personally. This isn't 
the first time this has happened. The male ""Adder"" in the Animals of 
Farthing Wood books was made into a female character for the cartoon, along 
with a few other characters, because there were pretty much no female 
characters besides the vixen. Adder ended up being one of my favorite 
characters for years, so the Kaa here is a pleasant reminder of that."

why da snake got to be the mean one? 

reinvention rotation for the consumer sheople farms...

Im stunned Mowgli wasn't whitewashed.

"This will destroy the classic jungle book film! WHERES THE SINGING????? YOU 
CANNOT MAKE THE JUNGLE BOOK AND LEAVE OUT THE QUALITY! REMEMBER WHAT BALOU 
SAID! THE BEARNESSESITIES This will not be the same!"

As long as it follows the actual book I'm down.

Classic! :)

Jungle book v Jungle Book: Origins- Dawn of the Age of the Jungle

"I think they should try to do live action versions of Tarzan and The Lion 
King. Although the later made the most money before Frozen came along, I 
think they might not do it just cause Mufasa dies..."

WE WANT LION KING NEXT!!!

"Looks like we're gonna be seeing a lot of 25 year olds next year along with 
kids at the theaters"

SCARLET MY QUENN YASSS SLAYYY BBY SLAYYY

That baloo my mind

"Well, this certainly looks really great! If the movie is going to be as 
good as this trailer suggests then it will be awesome."

Please! Please! Don't disappoint me Disney

YES!!

i cant wait for this

The whole film is a metaphor for why you should never trust a woman

"0:50 Cool. Looks like Maurice from Rise of the Planet of the Apes is making 
a cameo."

"YESSSSSSSSSSSS I WANNA SEE THIS!!

Also, Kaa kind of sounded like GLaDOS... but wasn't she a he?"

Making this was a mistake

damnnnnnn!!!!

"its amazing how far society has come, its so cool that the animals look so 
realistic"

"STOP REMAKING MOVIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *STOP IT 
MOTHERFUCKERS JUST LEAVE THE GOOD ONES ALONE* The Jungle Book with Jason 
Scott Lee was better than anything ever. Fucking Disney."

SWING RIGHT IN TO THE HYPE VINE

"Scarlett Johansson sounds so creepy in this lol I thought I would never be 
saying that."

"WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! That was Totally 
Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

NOOPPE

yo this shit is gonnna be litttttttttttt

BWAAAAAAAAAAA

"90's niggas know wassup bout this movie. 2000's niggas are busy coming up 
with sus dances and jamming to nae nae while twerking in the mirror. 
Fuckboy generation."

Yes! Finally a Disney remake that looks true to the cartoon!

"I really hope this isn't dark and gloomy, i want a movie exactly like my 
favorite disney movie The Jungle Book"

"Really Scarlett Johansson as Kaa? Really? Really?!...but why doe, you are 
clearly trying to go for scary or sadistic and her voice in this is none of 
those. She sounds bored...."

MOGLI IS BACK

"It is going to be a trilogy (based on the studio that brought us Pirates 
and Iron Man)... So, wait 3 years and you can actually watch a full 
finished movie."

"excellent! wish this trailer hadn't come out so soon. HOLD THE TRAILERS TIL 
A WEEK BEFORE HOLLYWOOD!!!! can't wait."

Don't you know what you are? you're a cashgrab.

"Wow...this looks epic! I love the original version growing up but I'm 
curious to see what the movie could've been like if Disney was truly 
faithful to Kipling. And that whistle at the end..."

"i remember watching the first movie of jungle book when I was a kid. i'm 
pretty sure i watched at least 50 times from playing it back on the dvr lol"

Who does Bill Murry play?

"So dark. 
Much edgy.

3real5me."

"This looks like a promising reimagining of the classic book. I might have 
to look this up and see more about it."

"Billy Murray as Baloo and Scarlett as Kaa (if that's how you spell it) I'm 
pretty hyped."

Idk about Bill Murray as Baloo

Why?!  (just my opinion no hate)

nad bad



"Why they no make Kaa male??? o.O As a Disney remake of a classic, HE'S 
suppose to be MALE!"

"NO fuck you Disney what the fuck man. Really there going to redo The Jungle 
book. I know humans are not used to change but for fuck sake leave the old 
shit alone. Disney I know your making bank right now. But please stop 
sucking on the nostalgia tit and come up with something else. Please shoot 
the person who keeps saying it's a good idea to do this. I don't hate 
Disney but this is to fucking lazy. I doubt anything will change these 
money drunk bastards. I'm only going to go see the movie once it's on 
rental. The old movies are good because they make up the history of Disney. 
If we keep reusing the ideas of the past those stories are no longer 
special. There no longer unique. And please don't tell the un aware new 
generation that this is new. All what Disney is doing is waiting for the 
next generation to get hooked on the supposedly ""new"" story and make bank 
on all the merchandise they sell and obviously the tickets. Oh look at this 
another person on YouTube complaining about shit. This makes me 
angry because there exploiting the shit out of the younger kids. They think 
that all the young kid's are fucking retards. And yes I now there just kids 
and they will probably see the movie anyway."

Who's talking? It sounds just like Sapphire's voice actor.

Fudge. Yeah. (Censorship for the sake of the kiddies in the audience)

Fudge. Yeah. (Censorship for the sake of the kiddies in the audience)

so when can we expect Lion King? or how about a Darkwing Duck movie?

"what song is playing at the end? not bear necessities but the background 
music right before."

"I think this remake will actually be worth it considering the original 
movie had a mixed quality of the script. Hopefully it's more like the 
Kipling books."

"Trusssttt in meee 
Geez those three words give me the shivers"

Oh look it's another remake.

"Bravo Disney, you just created a brand new milestone. The first company to 
remake their own movie in the shittiest way possible. Fox will be proud of 
you."

Impressive cast. That boy looks just like Mowgli

idris Elba as Shere Khan...talk about casting

"I hope this movie is going to be good. Maleficent made me disappointed 
while Cinderella was actually good."

"I hope they leave out that girl at the end of the animated movie. The one 
who seduces Mowgli out of the jungle and away from his friends. I used to 
hate that girl when I was a kid."

I hope this movie follows the book more than the Disney cartoon movie

.......What. E. Ven. The. Ac. Tu. Al. Fuck.

good

"Why do I think maybe this isn't your grandfather's ""Jungle Book"" movie and 
perhaps the kiddies would be better left home than having the cr*p scared 
out of them courtesy of the new-and-improved animation of Walt Disney 
Studios?"

Wth just happened to Disney ??

"Honestly, this trailer is absolutely breathtaking. The perfect music along 
with Kaa's chilling voice just makes me even more excited."

Wait Kaa is female?

At least it has Scarlett Johansson's voice.. She is pretty hot. lol

DUDE!!!!!!

Gotta say, that brought goose bumps to my skin, looks absolutely amazing

Isn't this a old movie in Hindi or something ....

"Scarlett Johansson has a great voice. She was also the ""SIRI"" in the movie 
""HER"" and now this.. <3"

Wasn't Kaa a male snake? Oh wait that was before the SJW movement lol

Anaconda

What's the big fuss over johanson she isn't that good of an actress

"But the END THO.
They had to show that huh.
This is to much.
To funny."

Song? Anyone? Please? Don't say darude sandstorm 

"They should make live action movies out of all them Disney animations. 
That'd be awsome!"

"in my opinion while the last few live action disney remakes weren't really 
that amazing, this movie looks freaking awesome"

My childhood is back!

Yasssssss

fuck Kipling's racist ass

what if JonTron starred in this movie

"Wasn't a fan of Maleficent or Cinderella, but this live action remake looks 
amazing. Love the darker adaptation, perhaps referencing the book more than 
the animated film."

I watch this movie every day when I was a little kid

Shere Khan with four legs? What is this nonsense!

"expectations are still very low, I wish you guys would stop with the live 
action remakes"

Yes, the jungle is coming

"Really Disney? Do you expected that people will go to see more of live 
action remakes now? Well I hope this one will be decent. And wondering if 
the animals will talk and ya female Kaa talked but the rest didn't talk in 
this teaser. But I hope that Disney in the future will make original movies 
instead remaking their classics."

duded

"Oh give me a fucking break! Really? The ONLY reason anyone is hyping this 
is because you saw ""From the director of IRON MAN"". Had that been left out, 
the wouldn't be unanimous praise for this. Don't get me wrong, it DOES look 
good, but the praise only comes from your Iron Man bias!"

"OK... I originally wasn't so keen on this idea. Now... I'm interested. Even 
if I didn't see any snakes when Baloo and Bagheera were fighting the 
monkeys."

What a sexy sounding snake

nice

looks fun.

might as well make a live CGI of Aristocats

EEEEUUUUAAAASSSS!!!!

This movie is going to be AWESOME!

"I'm near tears. Childhood never seemed so close to the present. Screw Star 
Wars! 
Oh, crap, Darth, I take it back -- please, I did not know the plans... cha, 
tha, ah... I cant breath... aosdnoiwndnucbsvbsed"

i'd trust scarlett johansson voice.

This looks nniceee....

YASSSS

How did they got the animals to do this?

"Imagine King Louie singing ""You're Timeless to Me"" from the Hairspray 
movie, because that's what it's probably going to be like."

TOO MANY CGI CRAP !

"Scarlett Johansson AND Christoper Walken? Impossible, they are the same 
person!"

Life of Pi meets George of the Jungle... Sign me up.

"CGI looks like crap! But then again, since people are living in a real 
world of propaganda and false flag operations, might as well keep the 
fantasy going..."

"Am I the only one that thinks the CGI looks mediocre ?
Should've hired someone else or waited a couple years more to improve the 
CGI.

Watch this movie again in 5 years. You'll get what I mean"

"looks crazy!
and I'm not even into movies like that"

Disney just got a whole lot better...

not bad, obvious CGI is obvious though.

Anyone remember the live action film of the jungle book they did in 1994 ? 

"I'd much rather Disney make a new Tarzan movie than this, to be honest. 
Something like ""The Legend of Tarzan"" would be dope."

The end was adorable:)

"Scarlett Johansson cannot deliver lines for shit lol. What poor voice 
acting."

"Also next year is another jungle book film starring Benedict Cumberbatch, 
don't know which I look forward to more"

"The only thing I'm concerned about is the snakes voice(that was the 
narrator at the begginig, right?)"

"They should do a live action ALADDIN! The Genie, the magic, flying carpet, 
Visuals would be so dope!!! :D"

Damn! all the animals are so huge!!

Adoreiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii....

This makes me remember Tarzan and The Lion King.

All wild animals in CGI thanks to all the dentists out there...

My childhood flim brought to life thanks Disney

Are you kidding me.

"So. Much. CGI. I hate movies that look this fake. Not to come to immediate 
conclusions, but it looks mediocre."

"Why do they have to make a Children's book adaption have the music of a 
action movie trailer??"

"looks like it gonna suck
js"

tbh I'd trust anyone with Scarlett's voice

FUCK YEAH

Bitch plz, Tarzan is the King of the Jungle

"Hmm...A live-action Disney remake that doesn't look like crap...WHAT WORLD 
IS THIS!? lol Seriously though, very good Trailer Disney. Really impress 
with the cast here! And having Scarlett Johansson's soothing, yet scary 
voice through-out the trailer was true stroke of GENIUS :)."

this is gonna suck horse dick

That fucking snake... creeps me out!

Im pretty hyped

"I have A funny insane show about the wacky teen Gavin Smalls all 4 out of 
10 of the Best videos on YouTube check it out"

"Generic. Nothing but CG and a boy running. Zero acting except a voice. I 
want to see more before I am convinced."

And we all know who bill Murray will be

Wait, so there's 2 Jungle Book movies coming out?

Scarlet as the snake really

"Why are they turning the jungle book into a gritty action movie? Both 
unnecessary and degrading to Disney as a culturally significant media 
outlet. Or at least, they were."

rated R for sexual drug use

People are excited for this?

This is sick. Isnt Tarzan caucasian not indian?

Why do my un existing balls itch?

Did anyone notice Kaa talks like a girl

Is it me or are disney films getting darker?

"Anyone else immediately think of how excited Tom Hiddleston must be for 
this?"

95% CGI

"This looks good and all but Jungle Book: Origins(which comes out in 2017) 
is directed by Andy Serkis, stars Andy Serkis, Christian Bale and Benedict 
FREAKING Cumberbatch in it. Sorry I'm watching that one instead."

The Jungle Parkour Book...in theaters 2016

"No mention of Mowgli!?!?! This was my first ever comic book, and I used to 
read it in a used book store, where my parents used to leave me to go to 
work! Brings back memories..."

"YESSHHHHH........INDIAN BOY IN jungle story by british person

WOOOOOT

my name is balu."

Looks like a good movie. Trust me

Thats music at the end almost didnt sound like pirates of the carrabean.

This gave me goosebumps...

um holyshit

Great another reboot..

[FAPPING INTENSIFIES]

I don't care if Shere Khan is evil! If he dies, I'm going to cry!

Kaa was never female, although SJ does a great job here.

"A talking snake freaks me out!!!!! I might go to the movies when out, I 
trusssssssssstt!!!"

"my prediction is its gonna be a flop, like their animated 3D tarzan with 
kellan lutz"

no king Louie sing du do ? no then I am out

That wow moment when scarlett johansson name popped up

"I SAW BOOK 
REFERENCES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
FINALLY.....DiSNEY's DOIN' SOMETHING RIGHT! (At least in regards of book to 
movie transition)"

My childhood is coming to life yasssssss

"Not digging scarlet johannson as the voice of kaa, should've been done like 
smaug's voice or sauron's officer just hissy and raspy opposed to deep and 
growly"

This looks like a fun adventure through the jungle.

simply looks amazing.

"IF THIS MOVIE LOOKS HOW IT LOOKS!! I CANT AND I REPEAT I CANT WAIT FOR 
TARZAN!!! WOOOOOOOOHHHHH!!"

"Man, I came into this thinking that it was gonna suck and literally had 
ZERO interest in watching this movie. DAMN! This trailer was DOPE! Pure 
fire!"

OH MY GOSH!!!! YES, YES, YES, YES, YES!!!!!!!!

marvel black panther trailer confirmed

If Bill Murray isn't Baloo I quit

HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMG

i forgot his name but i thought theyd make tge snakes voice different

BEAR NECESSITIES, THE SIMPLE BEAR NECESSITIES. I WANT TO SEE THIS FILM.

Was this filmed at the zoo?



"I can't wait for Christopher Walken's rendition of ""I Wanna Be Like You.""
-""Ooh, Be doo, I want to, Be, Like You. I Wanna Walk, Like you, Talk, Like 
You, too-ooo-oo!"""

Which one will be be better origins or this one we shall find out

Tarzan is better

Sweet

that looks amazing

"Im just too excited about the jungle book, cinderella movie was OK, 
Maleficent was AWESOME, and this.... gonna be like OMG CANT WAIT!!! also 
hope that they remake my favourite disney movie, Hercule and The Lion 
King.... jeez"

"What a twist to Disney it seems like it will give kids a chance to see how 
dangerous is is to live in the West side of Chicago"

finally.

"finally bagheera gets to fight!!! he didnt fight in the cartoon version!.. 
hyped!"

This trailer is teasing me.

What about a live action Lilo and Stitch?

"You guys are all spoiled movie watchers. If we showed this to people a long 
time ago, they would be thrilled to watch this. Stop complaining brats. It 
looks more dark and mysterious. I really wanna watch it. it looks great!"

"i automatically knew that was scarlett johansson's voice. ive seen too many 
of her movies."

Not another remake...

OMG!!!!!! I SO WANT TO SEE THIS NOW!!!!!!

Finally

Why does Hollywood feel the need to do everything with CGI now?

"if my plan works, ill have one of the best channels on youtube in 1-2 
years..."

BLACK WIDOW AND ONE OF THE GHOST BUSTERS IM IN

It'd be better if they didn't talk

"Looks good but I was kind of hoping the animals wouldn't talk and that they 
were real animals kind of like the other Jungle Books that have been made 
in the past. Kind of odd that Hiss is being played by a girl."

This is what the Theaters were made for

place women in de kche

im gay

Jesus what a cast

Bill Murray is voicing Baloo?! You had me at Bill Murray.

yes just hoping it will be better than maleficent and cinderella

Loved it...... but this Gave me goosebumps for some reason.

The CGI book :D

Nope! Nope! Nope!

yoooo i would actually watch this movie

"I wanna watch this so bad but I'm not a huge fan of movies with animated 
animals and real humans it kinda ruins it lol"

deez graphix are gud

"I didn't know that Disney was remaking a lot of their old films. This movie 
looks awesome"

"Okay maybe Bill Murray playing the bear (forgot his name) 
But I am just not comfortable with scarlet playing the snake I seriously 
don't know why"

"Muito foda arrepiei cara, corei quando ele asuviou ""necessario, somente o 
necessario"""

IDRIS ELBA!!!

THE WHISTLE!!!

This makes me want watch the Jason Scott Lee version

This actually looks pretty cool.

This was my favorite cartoon when i was a kid.

Wish they make Pocahontas live action..

dat wus legitness

aww man at the end the classic song the bare you know (:

they changed it

very excited!

What? (Pauses to absorb and reflect on what he just witnessed) What?

"O.O 
*in Markiplier's voice*
THIS LOOKS AMAZING!!!"

"Muy Pronto llega a El Cine del 2016 con El Libro de La Selva con el 
Director de Iron man (Jon Favreau) y Conoce el Reparto:

Neel Sethi (Mowgli, El Cachorro Humano)
Bill Murray (Baloo, El Oso)
Ben Kingsley (Bagherra, La Pantera negra)
Idris Elba (Shere Khan, El Tigre)
Lupita Nyong'O (Raksha, el Lobo Indio)
Scarlett Johnansson (Kaa, La Serpiente Indio)
Christopher Walken (El Rey Louie, El Orangutn)

Muy Pronto en cines del 15 de Abril el 2016 en Todo El Mundo."

no

va a ser mala lo s vengo del futuro.

"0:38 ""From the studio that brought you Pirates of the Carribean, and the 
Director of Iron Man bring the adventure""

That sentence doesn't make sense. Shouldn't it say ""Bring *s* you the 
adventure""?"

Omg... OMG... OMG!!! This is too beautiful! I can't believe it!

Tarzan

"I knew they would have to go the cgi route with this film but it just looks 
god awful."

Wait. Does this mean Kaa is a girl now? o-o

a lion should of been in junglebook

"What the... What did I just watch? Jungle Book, bleh,or the best CGI 
graphics I have ever seen. Knocked the breath out of me."

"Why do people keep saying it's a live action Jungle book? You'd have to be 
from mars not to realize that it's all CGI."

oh. oH!! MY CHILDHOOD IS ALIVE THIS BETTER BE GOOD CUZ IM

Kaas a girl!??

That big ass snake!

I'm so ready to see this.

"Does Favreau have a thing for Scarlet? I mean - they've been working 
together since Iron Man 2!"

"""AND CHRISTOPHER WALKEN""

 I'm watching this."

why did they change kanhs voices why.

holy shit, guys this looks good....

I might wanna see that

Bagheera looks so innocent

This looks better then the original.

Baloo was a Black bear, there are NO Grizzly's in India :D

I like the part at 1:36

"Christopher Walken is...
A BEAR!
Rated PG-13"

Ummm thank you!

Can't wait to see it!!!!!!!!!

Won't have the magic of the original!

"Another classic movie ruined by way, way, too much unnecessary  CGI.We all 
know what animals look like, and non of the CGI looks like animals.  King 
Louie's the size of King Kong, WTF?The Snake isn't supposed to be 3 feet 
around and 75 feet long.I'm scared to see how Disney is going to ruin Star 
Wars."

"So is this like what they did with Cinderella and made her movie come to 
life.if so I guess this is the new disney movie that comes to life :/"

At least Bageera gets to fight Sher Khan.

As long as they sing Bear Necessities I will be happy

trust in me... BITCH, you ugly!

"1: got everyones child hood with the ""trussst in me~"" therefore it must be 
good... the charm of the goofy and scary Snake ""hold still please"" got lost 
in a second. this chick better meet the mark~
2: welp, we all should like it cause the ending.... (bear necessities) 
...... 
I have small faith... AT LEAST IRON MAN'S DIRECTER IS DOIN IT~"

Dr. John helped make this playlist... HELL YEA!!!

omg i need dis now!!!! why would you tease us like that why?!WHY?!??!?!

1:00 And MAYWEATHER WINS!

i think kennen put it best WHHHYY

Trustssssss in Me-Kaa

King Louie looks.....AWESOME!

Ride the hype train. RIIIIIIIIIIDE the hype train.

THIS IS TERRIFYING

"chaddi pehen ki phul khila hai phul khila hai xD bwhahahahahha 
hahahahahhaha ahhaha hahaha.
lol sorry just had to.."

Why exactly was this necessary?

I am ready...wowww

it looks so good can't wait to buy for my grandchildren

why is Kaa a girl!?!

"next thing you know they're going to make Mowgli's Palace a real thing and 
then it's ALL downhill from there."

"so, i'm guessing it's gonna be darker and more action packed than the 
cartoon movie. lol"

Tarzaaaaan?!

I'm so excited

"I think Snow White, Bambi, Hunchback of Notre Dame, the Black Cauldron and 
even Basil the great mouse dectetive should be remade into live action 
films. I know Snow White and the Huntsman was made but they could make a 
remake into a big musical like Frozen. If they can make a live action 
version of Jungle Book why not Bambi? It would be nice to see a real life 
version of Bambi and his cute friend Thumper the rabbit. A life action 
version of Quasimodo would be brillant with Daniel Radcliffe who is playing 
Igor in Frankenstein (2015) as Quasimido and Alan Rickman as Snape. As for 
the Black Cauldron a remake could be similar between Harry Potter and Lord 
of the Rings while Basil the great mouse detective could see the Sherlock 
Holmes mouse once again face his enemy Ratigan in live action! For some 
reason the Lion King in my opinion does not need a remake. Why? Because it 
is one of the most highly grossed animated films of all time so a remake 
may not be as good but is still one of my favourite films of all time."

Alternate title: "Indian Boy Runs From Greenscreen: THE MOVIE"

starts singing bear necessities

Whoa just had a major goose bump moment!

Holy fuck this was unexpected. I'm getting so many feels right now.

Yes.

The sake sounds a little like glados

"They need to stop adapting every fucking Disney animated movie to live 
action..."

"I'm pissed that Disney are doing live action movies of their previous 
story's, some will be good but still, be more creative please"

What about the bear necessities?

"I missed this kind of movie. I remember my childhood,, can't wait to see 
this"

this will help us bare the winter!!!

Can't tell if I'm still attracted to Scarlett as a snake...

"Its the BEAR NECESSITIES, THE SIMPLE BEAR NECESSITIES, FORGET ABOUT YOUR 
WORRIES AND YOUR...aaand i lost it, how does the rest go?"

This looks like the first Disney live adaptation that looks half decent

"I suspect huge fail......based on a poorly done trailer. Nothing in this 
makes me want to watch it."

"Wait till you see jungle book origins with cate blanchett as kaa, christian 
bale as bagheera Andy serkis as baloo and the cherry on top Benedict 
Cumberbatch as Shere Khan for 2017. Don't believe me check it out on 
imdb.com"

That bear looks nothing like a sloth bear..

"Disney should think about doing a cross over with The Jungle Book and The 
Lion King. ..I want a see a Shere Khan vs Simba."

"WOW!!!! JUST WOW!!!! CANT WAIT!! 2016 IS GOING TO BE THE BEST!!!! JUST 
CURIOUS..... WHO ELSE IS GONNA WATCH THE ORIGINAL BEFORE GOING TO THE THIS 
MOVIE???? :P ;)"

Wow life of pi on land kind of

"the only thing bothering me about thus is im gonna have to see this kid in 
underwear. they cant make it like the orignal with it ripped but at least 
make him not were it like a diper. great trailer though"

WOW! Look Real!!! 

hey guys come check out my amazing new channel!

Why is this so epic???

Well it finally happened I can no longer tell what's cgi and what's real

HOLYYYY SHITTTT

so where is the singing?

The jungle book did not need to be remade.

"oh my gosh... this is. breathtaking. now I need to see the original again. 
I loved the ""trust in me"" line, and the bear/bare necessities whistli g at 
the end."

Hope they sing and dance. Agree, cartoon needs an update.

hmm... idk about this. i might go see itm

"Looks great! although I wish the voice of Ka the snake was a man and not a 
woman."

So many fine actors.... Well probably flop.... So... Bad

Why don't the animals speak :/ 

"The only problem I have is that scene where Mogly jumps through Rhodes 
ruins and the Tigers paw nearly gets him. Are you seriously going to tell 
me that entire kid could get through that opening without so much as 
squeezing a little and that tigers paw could barely make it through? Some 
disinportional crap there"

"FUNNY!!
Indian animals having american accent :/
:3"

so... I'm excited. The Jungle book was my favourite movie as a kid.

Holy shit!!!!

"In the beginning I thought the voice was the mother wolf (ahh! Their 
actually adding her!!! The wolves were my favorite part in the book and I 
was so sad they were not in the last movie) but after a bit I was wondering 
if it was the cobra, the voice was just too ominous. ^-^ I can't wait! Hope 
disney does more animal orientated films in future!"

This looks awful.

my childhood memories

Looks great!

can't wait to see this

Kaw's voice is definitely one I would want to hear for a snake.

Next, a real-life Mulan movie should be made :)

I'm so hyped right now xD

#DRAMATICNESS

"That is....


......fucking terrfying. Real tigers and gorillas and shit."

CHILLLLSSSSSS THIS LOOKS SO AMAZINGGGG

Well this looks like a giant CG fest

"omg,,,amaizing trailer,,,,,,,releasing date is too far away*
********************"

Is Chirag Gupta of Diary of a Wimpy Kid?

This is the best thing ever !!!

I NEED TO SEE THIS

Once this movie is released, PLEASE MAKE A REAL-LIFE LILO & STITCH MOVIE!!

"The hype fucking hell yeah train to The Jungle Book is in the station.
ALLLLLLLL ABOARD!!!!






OHMYGODSCARJOVOICESKAAOHMYGOSOHGODOHGOD"

THIS IS GONNA BE SO BAD ASS

OH MY GOOOD YES YES YES YES

"I wouldn't be surprised if they eventually did this for frozen and I 
honestly hope they do Winnie the poo soon too"

old jungle book movie looks better

This reminded me of avatar :)

This is weird. A little boy in his underwear?

King Louie lookin shooby doo as always

"Pretty sure nothing in this trailer is actually live-action. Not that there 
is anything wrong with that."

Looks fantastic :)

"Scarlett is perfect for Khan , she can go from caring to creepy as fuck so 
pumped for this"

Uhmmm..... WHAT?!!!!!

Can't wait,

I hope the orangutan is voice by christopher walken

"/refreshes the page/ *views go from 5,000 to 3 million* maybe i should 
close this tab and stop watching this, huh?"

The trailer soundtrack is beautiful. If anybody finds it let me know

Is anyone else but me extremely terrified?

"why does everything have to look hyper realistic these days. Kids cant have 
a friendly movie anymore, people forget these stories are not for adults"

"

    "

"Wait a minute Kaa is a male, isn't he? So why does he have a female voice 
in this."

where are the wolves ?

should have made a irl Tarzan movie tbh, just sayin'

Thank you Disney

Wow that next-gen graphics is insane XD

Looks great, but i wish they would make NEW MOVIES ABOUT NEW THINGS, YEAH?

is the boy cgi ?

am i the only one who knew right away that was scarlett johansson

What's the name of the little terrorist kid?

IM WAITING FOR ATLANTIS CAN ATLANTIS HAPPEN PLEASE

"holy fuck , campea wasn't lying. i didn't give a fuck about this movie 
..... until now , jesus!"

this style could be a great survival horror movie

*Insert Randy Newman's "IT'S-A JUNGO AOUT DEYUR" song here*

"""The studio that brought you
*Pirates of the Caribbean*...

the director of
*Iron Man*...

and the screenwriter of
*Street Fighter: The Legend of Chun-Li*"""

        

I can't wait!!!

"I really hope they've finally nailed CGI enough to where it won't look like 
shit in 10 years anymore. Movie looks fantastic."

Damn that does look quite decent

"I LOVE The Jungle Book!!So many good memories and the music was some of the 
most memorable of all those early Disney animated movies!"

still gonna like the cartoon version of this

"Not everything needs to be redone, Disney. Either your past work stands on 
its own or it doesn't."

And you thought the cartoon was scary...

"wow my child memories! where is the wolf family? moti, chameli, akudu and 
pakudu."

looks pretty good

Still like the very old jungle book movie

Hell Yeah this is gonna be good

Belve peso - everywhere ft. Hbk rossi

I really want The Lion King made like this!!!

This was not what jungle book is about.

"In 3d? Hopefuly they don't ruin the 3d effects and will it be as awsome as 
Life of Pi."

"Might as well call it The Jungle Movie, because of how fucking intense 
you're making it."

I just peed a little bit

I keep coming back to this.

"It Would be Awesome

- via YTPak(.com)"

are those real animals? and why would they make them fight stupis

waw

Nagini is back on screen! Yeah! #Voldemort

"Considering Disney stole Mowgli's idea on how to kill a big cat already, 
I'm wondering how the audience, who hasn't read The Jungle Book will react. 
I've always wanted to see Mowgli take down .Shere khan just like it the 
book....SUPER EXCITED FOR THIS IT LOOKS AMAZING!!!!!!"

Omyyyy memories

"What is this, The life of pi where he turns out to be crazy and makes it 
all up (if that's the ending you chose to beleive) just to stay sane?

Jungle book was fun, this wasn't presented as fun.

I'm sure most don't care but changing the snake to a female is weird in my 
opinion.

Why is Disney all about hugely crazy 'in your face to scare you, little 
kid' all of a sudden (""Pan"")?"

"Not sssssure how I feel about a female Kaa, but maybe I'll warm up to 
her......giant, hyper-realistic CGI animals in a live-action version of The 
Jungle Book with Billy Murray and Christopher Walken? Interesting. You can 
obviously recognize all the characters by species, Mowgli looks like the 
one we know and love, and I appreciate the ""Bear Necessities"" whistle at 
the end. ;)"

MOWGLI !!!

"I can't wait to see this film as long since I already love the animated 
version"

King Kong

0:36 dawwwwwwwwwwwwwwww

Fucking retarded(oh let's make everything live action)

once i realised Scarlett Johansen was Kaa, I got chills

Looks like another remake. Or on upgrade on the cartoon. #no_originality

now all we have to do is wait for the lion king and the little mermaid

"Wow I am not going to see this
This is a total rip off"

Who the heck is King Louie? He was not in the original books.

RELEASE THE NEW STAR WARS TRAILER ALREADY!

YES! This looks epic *-*

I... MUST... SEE... DIS...

"is this an infant film or adult film!!. Thought jungle book was a kids 
musical, not a sequel to king kong."

sigh.... too much CGI now.... great concept......sad....

Oh this doesn't look traumatic at all!

this is looking pretty good so far :)

"I am so hyped for this!! Looks so sick! They better not kill Bagheera or 
Baloo!! I would be so upset."

KING L0UIE IN DA H0USE

Can't wait to see this movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

"People that complain about CGI are fucking plain retarded... I have just 
spoken for like about, 2million+ people"

Very similar audio to the Avengers Age of Ultron trailers.

"I'm not too fond of most recent Disney movies, however this one makes me 
extremely excited."

I like the.kingdom monkey

I like the.kingdom monkey

I thought I could hear scarlet johanson

"Oh.....my.....GOD! ""The Bare Necessities""! ROFLMAO and dying here! I can 
NOT wait to see this!"

"think I'll stick to the 1942 jungle book this looks average. just cgi. bit 
pointless really."

Anyone knows the location of that jungle? Looks pretty neat!

I just look for the bare necessities those simple bare necessities

This looks amazing. King. Louie is really creepy

where he got the pant?

"this looks absolutely astounding
i can't wait to see it
i recognized Scars voice right off the bat
and Shere Khan looks terrifying"

"Why Scarlett Johansson? Why Idris Elba? Give others a chance! and why make 
it live action? most of it is going to be fucking cgi anyway..shit fuck 
disney!"

"What I really want is a live action remake of The Little Mermaid. Actually 
not just a remake, but a full adaptation of the original fairy tale 
featuring the original ending from the story.

Think you got the balls Disney?"

Awesome

"I feel like the only happy part was in the trailer ending. The rest seemed 
too dark and intense.


HYPE IS STILL REAL THO!"

"Can you imagine what ""The Lion King"" would look like if Disney re-made it 
into a movie like this with this CGI? It would look amazing!!!!!"

Yassssssssss

might as well call this movie TARZAN . must watch imo.

Why is the snake a girl?

"I can't count how many times I have read the book. This looks like it might 
be the most faithful film version. Looking forward to it."

"dat lijkt me onwijze film om te zien beter dan de Disney versie dit is het 
mooiste trailer die ik nu zie"

"Excited to witness a generation favorite come to life at such epic 
proportions!
Just, AWESOME Disney!"

I thought Kaa was a boy

"This a horror version
?"

Christopher walker as Mowgli

Hmm, not sure what to think.

THE EXCITEMENT IS REAL

This looks awesome!!

I thought it was going to have some singing just like the last one.

"A leopard would get its ass wooped if it fought a tiger. Almost instant 
death."

Cartoon is still better

"As long as this will not change it too much like malcinfinct I'm all aboard 
the hype train"

I need to see it!!!!!!

FINALLY!!!

Aka sounds like a girl!

We've officially entered the era of remakes.

Bill Murray?!

"I wanted to hate it but it looks good. But this was one of my childhood 
gems-DON'T MESS IT UP!!!!"

"nahhh b this some ol bullshit right here tryna remake a classic! jungle 
book is supposed to be funny and magical not serious life of Pi type shit 
gtfoh wit dat disney come on son."

Actually looks so epic

"Are we gonna ignore that disney ALREADY did a live action jungle book in 
the 90's?"

"all I know is there better be a musical number from King Louie and co.
or there will be hell to pay! >:-|"

this looks soooo good!!! the snakes voice is so enchanting

"Fucks sake disney, are you desperate to ruin all your hit animations. 
Cinderella, sleeping beauty, now jungle book? Also, they seem to want to 
own everyone's childhoods: Star Wars, marvel, Indiana jones, as well as 
their own movies."

YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1

I am so going to watch that

"the original disney animation was waaaay better, i wanna puke, watching 
this"

"is the boy animated or real? with the animation skills nowadays i reall 
cannot tell."

All respect to scarjo but that voice for kaa hmmmm not for me.

Wth is with all these cgi and where's all the color?

love itt

"Can't wait .......!!!!!!                
       "

"You know what unlike live action Cinderella, this looks like it has 
potential I can't wait to see it bring it on"

"It's like they are trying to make it like a horror movie. M. Night 
Shyamalan-ish."

"Fuck you Disney, The Jungle Book 1967 (animated) is a god damn timeless 
classic ! why even bother making this shit ! greedy money grabbing bastards 
! leave my childhood memories alone motherfucker !"

"First Tarzan second After Earth Third now this......................







AWSOME"

"Uh... what the fuck... remaking a classic animated movie into some cheap 
action thriller? What the fuck is Disney thinking?!"

first

"Meh, I don't know. They do have a great cast onboard and Kaa looks pretty 
neat but the rest... I just really don't know. Does the Jungle Book need to 
be that kind of epic? And can that level of CG usage be good in the end? I 
don't want this to destroy the original for the older ones and alienate the 
younger ones from it.
As a trailer though it's pretty well done.^^"

"I can't wait to see this one I love how Disney is bring back all of its old 
movies"

it's not the jungle book with out the songs

"Scarlett Johansson's voice is as mesmerizing as Sterling Holloway's song if 
not better imo. Looking forward to this live action amazement"

This I gotta see..!!! <3

This will flop big time.

"Wait, kah's a female now?! Not being sexist but what?! Also there's a lot 
of names in this, a lot of marvel names at that, wow!!!"

"Yes! Watch your childhood memories rebooted as dark and gritty action 
thrillers! It's not a true movie until you're jumping between skyscrapers 
in cars."

i got goosebumps...

Alright yeaah! 

"Scarlett Johansson sucks as a voice actor or actor in general. Already this 
movie is fucked."

Uh oh. Disney what have you done!?

"It would have been nice in all the hyping credits to mention Rudyard 
Kipling, who wrote the source material! Disney didn't invent this - Kipling 
did."

"After milking the classics with direct-to-video sequels, now we really are 
in the live-action milking... Way to say how much Disney lost its touch of 
creativity...
I was so hoping for a new 2D animation golden era from Disney after The 
Princess and the Frog, but we have this instead."

"This movie is going to rock! I just want bagheera to be less strict, the 
wolves to be more involved, and also i'd like to not only hear Bill Murray 
sing The Bare Necessities, but i would love to see what other songs richard 
sherman is cooking up."

what's the point of watching this when there is already the great original?

"Redo all the Lion Kings like this! Hell go the extra mile while you're at 
it and do Hercules, Little Mermaid and definitely the Land Before Time 
franchise! That would be so cool now to see the Dinosaurs all HD and life 
like!"

YEEESSS!

"this trailer was a nostalgia orgasm and the bare Necessities at the end of 
nearly blow up"

crying.. is the world even ready for this

"Disney, you took my childhood and gave it balls.Also if you remake The Lion 
King I'll go Uncle Scar on your ass**Istillloveyoutho**"

"Christopher Walken as a gigantic king Louie?!?!

i think I had a dream about this once"

"Whoa. Jerry Bruckheimer's team, Jon Favreau, a former Ghostbuster, two 
actors from Marvel films, and an Oscar-nominated actress/ Lancme brand 
ambassador? As if the bench wasn't deep enough! "

so the snake is a female now?

Fight vids on my channel 

"I'm looking forward to this, but there are certainly aspects I'm not fond 
of. Massive King Louie being the main one. 

I wish Disney's recent rash of live action remakes weren't throwing in so 
many references to the animated films. Oh well, as long as they're good."

"Somehow I don't think there's gonna be a whole lot of musical detours in 
this one... which I am pretty okay with after seeing this trailer"

What dumbass thought it was a good idea to remake the jungle book

"Ohhhhh yessss idris elba as shere khan. Imagine him voicing the ""You should 
know everyone runs from Shere Khan"" part. HYPEEEEE"

that was a big assume hand

One question where's the baby elephant?

"Damn, its the first time since Kung Fu Panda that I know every actor 
starring in a movie, at least I know the actors whose names they showed us."

bagheera better have spots.

"just take example of Disneyland California.. haunted tower might have a 1 
hour wait line.. but people don't mind waiting in the 2-3 hours cars ride 
line. and are more happy as a family ... sense of achievement.."

Ay it's esqueleto from nacho libre lol

Love it childhood memories

Ay it's esqueleto from nacho libre lol

Ok. This actually looks REALLY awesome!

I know i'll get goosebumps from this.

I'm guessing Pi got stranded on that island.

"wht should I go to view this movie as.. should I take the kids to be 
frightened to entertained.. is frightening kids new means of entertainment 
.. why not make this adults r rated have sex involved it will be more fun 
instead.."

There better be some singing

"bare necessities... it used to be funny not scary.. does Disney want to 
scare kids or entertain..."

"Okay, well if they're gonna keep making live action movies of films they've 
already done, can they at least do The Sword and the Stone?"

"You know as a kid I always wanted to see Bagheera fight 
SherKahn.....excellent"

"I hope Kaa is an ally to Mowgli like in the original story. I'm tired of 
seeing snakes villainized in every film."

"But in 2017 there's going to be a different jungle book movie with a good 
cast as well"

"The Bare Necessities, I Wan'na Be Like You,, Trust In Me, That's What 
Friends Are For and so on OMG this brings back so beautiful memories. LOVE 
IT!!! <3"

Is this supposed to be the prequel to "Life of Pi"?...

Scar jo as the snake. .. .bad casting choice

They have sparked my interest.

This is great i love tarzan!

"OMG. Will this be more accurate to the book than the original animated film 
is?? THAT WOULD BE AWESOME, because The Jungle Book book I've heard is 
really great and a classic, unfortunately, I've never been able to read it 
but I need to before this movie airs! Sher Khan, the wolves, BALOO OMG, 
Bageera, even the snake, I cant even."

Do the animals talk DO THE ANIMALS TALK!

omg.

Didn't they make a live action movie before? I swear they have.

Let's hope it's another Tomorrowland...

GOOD FUCKING GOD LETS GO IM PUMPED

OMG I FKING LOVE YOU DISNEY, OMg

this is how hollywood copies india and take Oscars !

this is how hollywood copies india and take Oscars !

this is how hollywood copies india and take Oscars

this is how hollywood copies india and take Oscars

"NO NO NO NO NO!!!! well done and congratulations you've ruined Jungle Book. 
you've done Jungle Book twice male Disney stop it. there's no need for it 
the original Jungle Book story was good now this. "

this looks like the most intersting movie in a LONG WHILE

"Man that was crazy....Being a mowgli fan,this trailer literally gave me 
goosebumps!"

"OMG 6-7 years ago I had the Jungle Book and I read it a few times, even 
brought it to my friend in school but the pics in it had no color in it so 
she decided to color it. I never knew this story would get a movie! This 
brings back memories.. *kinda spoiler* 


I think that this boy's parents/mom burn in a tree house or something and 
this baby (the boy) is left in this treasure box and then the lion comes 
and takes him. Then he grows up and he meets this other person in the 
jungle and stuff I'm not really sure but yeah"

this. looks. amazing. hmu mooglie

"I would have been totally on board for this but Scarlet Johansson as Kaa 
just killed everything."

how much you wanna bet this is going to flop?

I DON'T KNOW HOW I FEEL ABOUT THIS BUT IDC CUZ SCARLETT JOHANSSON

"phir Mowgli Dhul chatayega Sher Khan KO :P

Can't wait !!!"

" 
.1 "

Did they make Kaa female? Why the fuck...?

yaaaaaas

Are they going to make a live version of Disney's The Jungle Book?

"awesome.......nice...chilhood memories back..used to watch jungle book 
cartoon without a miss"

"I am excited to see this. But I just have to say... in 1942 there was a 
live action version with real animals. And the 1994 live action version 
also had trained animals with some CGI. There are still movies made with 
humanely treated trained animals. So this ""all CGI"" stuff seems like cheap 
lazy bs if you ask me."

Excited but I think it's definitely time for THE LITTLE MERMAID

wait... did they just make Kaa a girl? need to see it



I love the trailer!!!

"2 Jungle Book movies in 2 years time, cannot wait for the Andy Serkis 
version either!"

I Shere Khan't wait to see this movie!

Bill Murray's in this film... Sweet.

From Winnie the Pooh to black widow real quick

"I cnt wait ..for watch dis movie..bcoz nobody know future is hv a or no hv 
a..# rqst"

"I am super excited for this :D I can tell I am going to love this movie XD

Now that I listen to it a few times, the part where Kaa (Scarlett 
Johansson) says 'Let go of your fear, now' at 0:57 sounds like GLaDOS from 
Portal :D"

"WELCOME TO THE JUNGLE
SHANANANANANANEEZ NEEZ NEEZ"

Holy crap yes

It's looks good, but it seems like a completely different movie.

Wait, who is Andy Serkis playing?

Kaa sounds like a girl.

"well I hope Kaa wount be portraited as a dumb sidekick character of Sheer 
Khan. As much as I like Disney's works it makes me sad how badly they twist 
original material."

Wow this took a dark turn

Time to re-live childhood memories...

Never trust a snake, like EVER!!!

"Ok since Bill Murray's gonna be in this I have to see it, Curse you good 
casting choice."

NOOOOOOOOO! THEY CHANGED THE JUNGLE BOOK.

Damnn... that cast tho!

"Are you seriously making a Mowgly action movie? With fake ass looking CGI. 
There was a glorious time where movies used actual animals (And I'm not 
talking using those as Bagheera or Baloo) but the monkeys could at least be 
real. Jeesus christ, LoTR made us believe hobbits are hobbits through 
forced perspective. Ok leaving it at that. Seriously? A Mowgly action? No 
original ideas anymore? All I see is reboots, live actions of old cartoons, 
comic book related stuff. God damit people. Where has all the originality 
gone?"

Looks good

scarlett is just wrong :(

"People complaining about this movie being ""too dark"" should understand that 
the first jungle book movie (from disney) was actually a childish version 
of the original book. This movie is based on the book, and looks way more 
faithful than the disney movie from the 60's."

Why is the majority of this advert writing and black screens

I keep thinking The Jungle Book is Tarzan

CHRISTOPHER WALKEN!!!!

"I cant help but to think the kids that would treat wild animals as 
anthropomorphic creatures. i.e hoping over fences in zoos ect. ""ohh a bear 
with her cubs, im gonna pet it."" 
But this movie looks good, cant wait for it to come out."

"@Disney: ""hey dude! remember [childhood classic]""
""oh yeah! fuck yeah dude!""
""Okay but what if we made it EDGY?""
""fuuuuuuuuuuccccckkkkkkkk yeeeeeeeeaaaaaah""
Rotten tomatoes: 61%"

"epic directors!!!! epic production houses!!!! even more epic and most 
interesting story known to mankind all coming under the magic of 
Disney!!!!!!!!!!!!!! how cool can it get and also Christopher walken!!!!! 
omg its a must watch lovin it like nothing else "

"Disney action trailer? As cool as the trailer was I'm worried its a bait 
and switch. They better not start singing and clapping."

"Haha funny thing is Tarzan the book copied from the Jungle Book. Let's see 
how this plays out"

Does anyone know what's the title of the music ?

No thanks...

So Disney has hit it's teens and gone all edgy

Thik thak hai trailor toh ........... :/

Well... I have goose bumps.

Very cool! But isn't the snake supposed to be male?

cant wait for it 

"Definitely a lot of CGI...but, I am not upset about it. I think this movie 
will be terrific. I actually like the last live action Jungle Book from 
like 2 decades back as well."

"I'm gonna be that guy and say this probably won't be worth the price of 
admission.
It may have an all-star cast and director, but the screenwriter is Justin 
Marks, a guy whose only significant accomplishment in his short list of 
IMDB credits is a rejected screenplay for Shadow of the Colossus. Then 
there's Disney's track record. Remember Maleficent? Remember Oz The Great 
And Powerful? Remember A Walk In The Woods? I wish I didn't.

I'm telling you people, like Michael Bay's Ninja Turtles and Martin 
Campbell's Green Lantern, this movie is going to severely let you down. 
Look past the hype, save your ten bucks and wait for the DVD."

"the people that say this looks aweful they say that cause they see how good 
it looks compared to the old one either that or they are a very angered 
tempered individual that doesnt like good movies"

Bill Murray? Seriously? O_o



my child time cartoon in dd network . waiting for balu , cheta serkan .

I would also enjoy an Aladdin live action *-*

Bagiiirraaaaaaa!!!!!!

This looks awful.

There was not nearly enough singing in that.

1:36 THE REAL DISNEY BEAR :/

"I named my black cat after bagheera now everyone is gonna name their 
calico's, bangals, and even worse dogs after him...and i'm just gonna be 
sitting here like that old lady from the esurance commercial."

Does Disney actually have an original ideas anymore?

"disney isnt out of ideas they remake so its updated and the new generation 
gets to enjoy what we did when we were children"

childhood memories.....totally nostalgic .......bageera :D

"Hmmm? How come they didn't change Mowgli's race to white or something else? 
That seems to be the thing to do to characters in movies now a days. They 
changed the Amerindians in the upcoming fantasy film Pan to white people."

"The freaking ending, I cant just wait to see a live action bear singing 
""Bear necessities !"" Wait what?"

Wonder what kind of political propaganda we'll get to see.

"Disney run out of ideas, so now they are just re-hashing shit. (Maleficent 
was good)"

wow... the cast..

fafafafa

"If this trailer doesn't give you the shivering act, i don't know what can 
(("

"lol Kaa is now a girl? she sounds so cool and evil XD (assuming she is 
still gonna eat Mowgli :P) cant w8 ^^"

wow

at 1:21 is a straight up copy from lion king.

OMG OMG OMG, My childhood is coimng to life this time OMFG :D

Fantastic!! Eagerly waiting the release in India.

"So.. Being totally honest I wasn't suer about a remake of the jungle 
book..... Some Disney remakes make sense (Cinderella, Beauty and the 
Beast), Some Don't. (The Jungle Book, Mary Poppins. ) I usually have a 
strong ""Don't touch the classics- No remakes"" attitude about movies, but 
this makes me excited. I'm totally ready for the new disney era of Remakes. 
Hopefullly they are all as good as this one and Cinderella 
#CautiouslyOptimstic"

waiting for jungle book

waiting for booking open

Scarlett Johansson yeah

LOOKS AWSOME!!!

"Amazing trailer, it really has caught my attention! Lookin' forward to it 
:D"

"does anyone remember that they already made a live action jungle book, in 
1994 that was terrible. . .this looks alright, but nothing disney has 
produced in the last ten years makes me think it will be."

............... WHZAT?????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

so fake, bears dont swim backwards

"all these remakes got 2000's kids looking at nineties kids likeoh, oobee 
dooI wanna be like you"

"I knew it was ScarJo's voice when I heard it. No one's voice sound sexy 
like hers lol"

I'm looking forward to this.

OK,This looks very awesome,I just hope they have the same soundtrack

WOW!!!

It won't beat the original, but I'm happy this is a thing.

"The original was happy this look like an action movie tbh I do like this 
move but I love the original better!"

I bet Bill Murray is the bear

Replayed this about 15 times now ;D #CantWait

"everyone dish disney but so far jungle book , the new star wars movie look 
really good , i don't know about avengers and guardian of the galaxy ( 
don't know if disney own the rights or not ) , but for sure is a lot better 
than what FOX is doing ."

"OMG was watching the cartoon version just last night.. wow looks very 
interesting!!!"

"all these childhood cartoon to us people who are adults now we be pushing 
kids out of our way to watch all these live action and sequels from our 
childhood"

Can't wait for the next trailer when Scarlett sings trust in me

This live action shit is going too far.

Just Amaaaaaaazing !!!! I find Disney better than Marvel and DC now....

Why....why would you change the sex of the snake????

"( *waits for the hidden satanism*) AND THERE IT IS BOYZ 1:06 the serpent 
clear as day."

im so fucking ready

"Ehh I don't know how I feel about this. I mean one of the cons is that 
there isn't going to be any singing and that was a big part of the movie"

WOWWWW! Can't wait to see this movie

CGI looks legit af

Excitement level: VERY VERY HIGH

.... and TruSSSSSSSSSSSSt... in me ... #JawDrop

this looks good, can't wait to watch this

"Scarlet Johansson can't act for shit. Or even voice-act for that matter. 
Also, Kaa was a male, as well as Bagheera.
Also, where the fuck are all the wolves."

Why am I getting Lion King vibes when this is set in India?

great knowing that everything is cg and looks really fake...

)

"Kaa's gonna be female? That's an interesting way to go. Adds to the 
character's seductiveness. I like it."

scarlett johnson should do a JOI i would pay so much to see it!

"I'm so happy that all my childhood movies are being made to real life now 
:) Please make a Little Mermaid movie nexts ^_^"

"that orangutan just wants to know ""the secret to mans red fire"" is that so 
wrong? someone please just give the monkeys fire, Im done with this planet 
anyway."

"YASSS!!! Looks great! Can't wait to watch it even though the voice of that 
snake had me scared and cringing throughout like half of the trailer lol xD"

"Dear Disney, make a crossover Jungle book, Lion King, Tarzan movie, please. 
Thank you"

ITS SO BIG, SO AWESOME, YESSS XD

a movie by Michael bay

sick sick sick movie, trying not to get my hopes up

"Hey guys I just started a channel and uploaded my first video. If you could 
check it out that would be great! I have quite an adventure ahead of me! 
Thanks!"

dat cast doe

Ssssssscarlett Johanssssssson

wow! that a VERY impressive cast

look more promising than the maleficent and cinderella craps

Mix feelings

"Does anybody care about the fact that this is a dark, grim, silent movie 
that should have been a fun, cheerful and educational cartoon?"

what's up with the super creepy narrator?

I would love to see this.

The ending got me so excited

What took them so long?

This is going to ruin every thing

"Oho my god !! !!!!! Super duper hit trailer Very very very very 
Nice........ I like this .
awesome background music bravo bravo ......"

Nothing could beat the original tbh

This will suck hard

lmao for a second i thought this was tarzan

mmm looks like really bad CGI.

We need a Little Mermaid live-action movie!!!

Only I hear the Pirates of the Caribbean theme at the title screen?

"Interesting!
"

my body is ready for this movie.

I am *so* ready for this movie!!

"Disney should cast Aidan Turner (Dublin & Poldark actor) in a movie as the 
hot hero. :)"

Now thats a trailer :)

rilly ?

"The original film was the very first film I saw in the cinema when I was 
4yrs old."

wow supper we are waiting

"OOOOOHHHHHHHHMMMMYYYYYYYFFFRRRREEEEAAAAKKKKKIIIINNNNGGGGGGGGOOOOOSSSSSHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i am beyond excited!!!"

"we are going to get:
beauty and the beast next year in 2017
pete's dragon
tinkerbell
mulan
pinnochio
winnie the pooh
alaadin
All in Live Action!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

This is at least 90% CGI but it still looks cool so eh

Unless all the animals can talk I think they ruined it.

Please release as soon as possible

"Where's Akela and the wolf pack, there's no striped hyena or 
jackel(tabagui)either????? This ain't Jungle book!!!"

"I didn't ask for this.
NO ONE DID"

"from the director of iron man . . .  yeh fuck this remake shit , think of 
some ideas Hollywood if you can"

Dang! I wasn't expecting it to be THIS intense!

well this looks enchanting.

its basicly Jumanji + The Jungle Book (animated)

Holy awesome!!

"fg;l efbi\;KDJFASKLDJ? wqbIFK\LAEJ DOASK dkSFP OWADikwapi 
OMGSOFREAKINGEXCITED!!!!!"

welp I know what movie I'm watching in 2016

itll be shit

Fucking Hell Yeah!!

Superb

superlike....

Now make a live action CGI Winnie the Pooh!

"I  saw  the  original  one  with  Jason  Scott  Lee  when  I  was  a   
kid.  Beautiful  story.  A  classic  for  all  ages.  :)"

At least Disney didn't whitewash this.

So excited for this!

"my goodness! more then 3 billion views of trailer!!! this movie is gonna 
make the director and producers really rich! ;)"

why does this look so fucking mature if it's based on a children's movie?

isn't radha der in this movie ?

that bear necessities whistle at the end though lol

YAAAAAAAAAASS SCARLET JOHANSSON

Whoooa! Yes lawd am ready

Lmao.

"""from the director of Iron Man"" just say Jon Favreau we know who he fuckin 
is..."

welcome to adventurous world

Nostalgia!!!!

Can't wait to watch this i loved this film as a kid :)

No no no no and no!

yup yup yup yup yup

"Sher Khan, Bhagera and baloo... omg omg omg, I want to get naked, put my 
nickers on and jump around!"

You had me at Bill Murray. I'll stay for Christopher Walken.

isn't that snake the Ai from her?

"Why does society have to be so fucking dramatic ALL the time?!? All I kept 
seeing was how this was a horror movie and a thriller and blah blah blah so 
finally I come watch it myself and it's just an animated film being adapted 
into a live action movie?? There weren't any horror elements. There weren't 
any thriller elements. It's fucking Disney Company. There's about as much 
action and scare in this as in Princess & The Frog. The bear even hums the 
theme at the end. People get on my nerves."

Omg so cool ^_^

"This is like the 4th Jungle Book movie. And the 3rd live action 
movie......sigh just not excited, I know its going to be good cause Disney, 
but im not excited....its not new"

wow mogli after long time :)

Richard Parker trying to eat young Pi.

"Jungle jungle baat chali hai pata chala hai...arey chaddi pehen k phool 
khila hai phool khila hai.......i want this song in movie"

ela

Fuck no

"this is one of those films where the trailer ends up being 1000000 times 
better than the movie."

Omg Yasss! I'm going to re watch the cartoon version now.

this movie was my childhood and they ruined it.

Excited, but no one can fully replace Megabyte.

"Wow, they sure are running out of ideas. These live action redo movies and 
ripping off Splatoon? Consider me unimpressed. Can't believe people 
actually watch these things, I mean they could release more original 
titles, but no, use the old ideas and people will go crazy like chickens 
running around with their heads cut off."

"Even though its been YEARS since I saw the original ""Jungle Book"" movie, 
when I was really young, I still want to see this so much!"

cant wait love these kinds of shows.

"Isn't Kaa supposed to be a male? I don't mind Scarlet's voice, but even in 
the other upcoming movie Kaa is voiced Cate Blanchett."

"I wonder how the Andy Serkis version will look like!
Cate Blanchett : kaa
Andy Serkis : baloo
CHRISTIAN FUCKING BALE as bagheera AND
BENEDICT FUCKING CUMBERBATCH as sher khan!!!!"

C.G.I animals...Epic but harder to believe.

Too few explosions. Michael Bay won't approve.

"I was waiting for Kaa to his its ssssssss otherwise its not a snake. In the 
original, Kaa was a male villain who had the ability to hypnotise and 
deceive anyone. If they dont include that then that is NOT Kaa"

"The snake was cool, but in general, talking live action animals look cheesy 
and unfit for an epic blockbuster."

my fav cartoon

Baloo is in real life!!! Yaaaaaayyyy!!!

They made King Louie fucking huge

bbnmnnvn

aaww so many memories =)

"OMG!! Finally after years..the movie which excites me to watch it soo 
badly...
Wooa.. looking soo amaaaazing.."

"""including Kaa (voice of Scarlett Johansson), a python whose !!seductive!! 
voice and gaze hypnotizes the man-cub"" XD ahahaha idk what is going on with 
me, but Seductive snakes. I would have one XD"

"waiting desperately ... this is going to be one of the best Disney Movie 
Ever."

"(sigh) Another remake/reboot just to make money of the nostalgic effect it 
has on us. I beg you all to please stop going to these movies... If enough 
people go to them, then hollywood will continue to shit garbage over and 
over. DOESN'T ANYONE WANT ORIGINAL NEW STORIES ANYMORE??? Because if you 
are like me and are tired of the constant bullshit to come out lately. Then 
please, for the sake of cinema, say "" fuck this movie.. """

They need to make the Little Mermaid in real life 

Thought it was Serkis' one for a second there lmao

I'll bet Bill Murray is Baloo. Good choice.

"Finally they make Kaa the badass that he/she was always intended to be. Not 
that clumsy goof that so many ppl know of :/ In the book even the tiger 
watched his mouth round that snake."

Anyone spot Richard Parker?

"british were creative. We are not """"""""""""""""""""
they showed us what we have . and how to enjoy it."

Woow im already intrested

This actually looks real good! Look for the Bear necessities!

"Oh please, please, please say that Christopher Walken is going to play 
Shere Khan."

outstanding

FUCK YOU CGI, FUCK YOU!

"I dearly HOPE they kept the original story in this one! Balloo, Maghera and 
Moby, the wolves who kept him as a baby, the King of apes with his gang, 
and of course the snake (are they going to do the funny eye look this 
time?) and the tiger... and the meeting of the little girl by the river. 
Hope hope hope!"

Will some one shot people who dislike this movie....

"This looks promising but as a Disney movie i think its gonna be too scary 
for the 5 and under crowd"

Looks like it's gonna suck ASS!

most of this trailer was just Mowgli parkour

"Scarlet Johansson is a great actress, and from what I can see, it looks 
like she's going to be good on this. But isn't Kaa male in just about every 
version of the story? Not a complaint or anything."

will the rhino be in it? he was cut from the original disney version.

"all bs aside, it looks really well done and i cant wait to see it. the 
movie has been redone countless times. even disneys version was a remake... 
just found that out, courtesy of google. anyways, i wish this was coming 
out tomorrow. thanks, disney, for all the years of, BRINGING IT !"

INDIAN TALENTS ALL OVER THE WORLD... GREAT!

"What makes the original so great to me are the voices. George Sanders and 
his wonderfully deep voice as Shere Kahn. Sebastian Cabot as Bagheera. And 
especially Sterling Holloway (who originally voice Whinny the Poo) as Kaa. 
And the vultures. I mean, that's what made jungle book for me. Those people 
were absolutely magnificent and unique voice actors. And now, they have 
Scarlett Johansson as Kaa. And Idris Elba as Shere Kahn, it's just not the 
same."

Seems a little scary for the kids

Yes please for this movie!!!! Cant wait

"I really want to like the trailer but just like avatar and most of the 
""Big"" movie productions the cgi is ruining everything for me.Everything 
looks like a graphicsdemo and totally unnatural :-/ maybe its because i 
didn't grow up with these cgi movies cause my little brother doesn't have 
that problem.I don't think we can render scenes like ""1:17"" good enough 
just now,this scene in particular looks awful to me ..."

Will all the songs be in this?

Doesn't anyone remember the 1994 version? That one was actually good.

Is that scarlet voice

This is a slap in the face of nostalgia, who asked for this dammit?!

Waitnig for Ka r34 XD, why did them make Ka female?

Cant stop watching this!!!!!

7.8 no Bear Necessities song.

"loved the trailer!! 
Eagerly waiting for the release..."

nagini is that you??

0:50 PLANETS OF THE APES

King Kong? More like King of the Swingers.

1994 jungle book is better than this. That's real live action.

sorry but this looks like trash

Mad ting

is that scarlet johansson's voice i hear?

way different then I expected, looks awesome

This is gonna be terrible. Search your feelings, you know it to be true!

WTF Ka(snake) is female!?



"When it's a live action film, you should not add so much CGI else it looks 
more like an animated film considering how real animated films look these 
days."

waiting for this movie eagerly.

"I feel as if this is just going to be another remake of a movie of my 
childhood they will ruin. Alladin 2, the fox and the hound 2. You know 
somethings are sacred. LEAVE MY CHILDHOOD MEMORIES ALONE!!!!! "

Bill Murray, my feelings are being toyed with.

"Looks really cool but why does Baloo have to look like a grizzly? He's 
supposed to be a Sloth Bear...I never hear of no grizzlys in India..."

"Dammit, they're trying to dramatize a great movie which is already perfect. 
I'd be scared of watching this if I my 6 year old self, unlike the 
original. At least it's gonna be a musical..."

so im guess this CGI animal will talk

Hell fucking yeah take my money

No animals were used in the making of this film.

"ugggh.... I kinda checked out as soon as I heard the Inception sound... I 
don't mind dark movies, I kinda liked it when Star Trek went dark in DS9 
and I loved the rebooted Battlestar Galactica, but I'm gonna miss the 
light-heartedness of the original Jungle Book. Where's the music? Where's 
the jazz? Why does *everything* have to be so gritty and edgy? 

When they whistled the bit from Bare Necessities at the end it seemed 
really out of place."

Black Widow as Kah... Yeah I'm ready for this.

My cockatiel flew away...makes me sad

this is going to be awesome !

Jungle jungle pata chala hai, chaddi pehen ke phool khila.

This better be a fucking musical

"The first ever film I watched was the 1968 version. It left me spellbound 
and always has since. I can't imagine I will feel the same way about this 
version but I will see it anyway."

behenchooooooooooooooooooooooooooooodddddddddddd............................................................

"Finally a movie about a foreigner w/out white people coming in to saving 
the day."

No jazz music?

Let go all your fears now... and trussshhht... in me....sssshhh

Ah, the bullshit...

"i don't understand the negative comments here about cgi and some such shit! 
i just watched an epic trailer....guess everyone's a critic these days."

I. CANT. WAIT!!!

fuckin amazing! cant wait for it

Where are The BEATLES vultures?

I actually teared up at the end of the trailer. The feels....

"Holy monkeys! This movie looks awesome. I have seen every Jungle book 
versions plus read the original Rudyard Kipling's unabridged book as well. 
Big fan of Mowgli. Can't wait to see it with my kids."

"Looks really good but I'm surprised Disney haven't made Mowgli into a girl 
who learns she doesn't need a man for anything to be in keeping with their 
current mantra"

looks like a good action movie.

Khursheed Ahmad

Walt Disney is kicking and screaming in his grave right now.

Is Jon Favreu not cool enough for his name to be in the trailer.

"*watches trailer* huh...not bad. *gets to kaa scene ""trusssst in 
me...screams in joy. rest of the trailer not too bad, final scene with 
whistling, screams with joy again* okay...this looks good."

"Lol what a joke. It looks pathetic. I bet Captain America Civil War will be 
much better than this crap. Poor kids falling for this non sensical piece 
of crap. Can't wait for Captain America Civil War trailer, it will blow the 
internet. Marvel rules!

Don't even talk about CGI lol, it can barely compete with 1970s JAWS lol. 
Massive fail."

"This is like the 3rd live action adaptation of a Disney cartoon that's 
getting ready to come out. Never the less this looks awesome! I never saw 
the live-action version of the The Jungle Book from back in the 90s. But I 
did read the original book by Rudyard Kipling. I'll definitely be seeing 
this movie. Bagheera and Shere Khan were my favorite characters :)"

"Lol what a joke. It looks pathetic. I bet Captain America Civil War will be 
much better than this crap. Poor kids falling for this non sensical piece 
of crap. Can't wait for Captain America Civil War trailer, it will blow the 
internet. Marvel rules!

Don't even talk about CGI lol, it can barely compete with 1970s JAWS lol. 
Massive fail."

"When this kid grows up, he is going to be the first Indian to become an 
Alpha Male Hollywood superstar. This privilege is currently enjoyed mostly 
by the White people of European decent, preferably Jewish. Thank God, 
things are changing."

"DAMN!!!!! 

When I first saw the thumbnail for this trailer I immediately thought to 
myself: Oh, shit. Here we go again. Has Disney just given up? ANOTHER 
FUCKIN' REMAKE?! SERIOUSLY?

I was all set to hate this movie.

But in full honesty after seeing the trailer, I have to admit it does look 
like a damn good movie. I just hope it delivers because to be honest after 
the huge let down brought on by ""Maleficent"" I really hope this movie is 
done as well as it's played up.

I'm just curious to see from what angle they hit this movie. 

Alice in Wonderland: Prophesy/ Chosen One
Oz the Great and Powerful: Prophesy/ Chosen One, villain turns evil because 
man cheats on her
Maleficent: Villain turns evil because man cheats on her, redemption

Those movies were all recycled plots that we've already seen a million 
times. (I haven't seen Cinderella) So I really hope Disney brings something 
new this time around."

So glad Lupita is in this

"Yay! Another writers work of fiction rewritten hard boiled and butchered 
for the sake of Payola Corp. Kipling would be proud."

Lupita Nyongo will fit in perfectly lel

"Lol what a joke. It looks pathetic. i bet Captain America Civil War will be 
much better than this crap. Poor kids falling for this non sensical piece 
of crap. Can't wait for Captain America Civil War trailer, it will blow the 
internet. Marvel rules.

Don't even talk about CGI lol, it can barely compete with 1970s JAWS lol. 
Massive fail."

really excited.....

I have a feeling they wont be performing Bear Necessities in this.

"Scar Jo was a poor choice. If they wanted a woman I'd would have gone with 
Michelle Pfiefer."

"Why is king Louis's arm so big when it tries grabbing him! What hand is 
ever that big"

"... WTF?
Kaa - woman? A they out of mind?
First they transform Bagheer into woman. Now this...
What next? Cher-khan? 
Or Baloo became a panda?"

what a great vfx technique

I'd rather see Tarzan instead.

BILL MURRAY LIVES!

why did they make car a bitch other than that everything looks amazebolls

"Why is Disney so bent on making live action versions on animated classics? 
None of them have been that good so far, and I promise you anything that 
the future ones won't be either. This movie is gonna stoink."

Looks hard

This reminds me of Tarzan.

terbaik yas

*facepalm*

its spectacular completely grabs my attention

"I really don't like the fact that they are trying to remake the classic 
movies. I mean, classics will always be the best because we grew up with 
those movies. I just think that these new movies are just ruining our 
childhood time."

"OH MY GOD!!!!

I CANT BELIEVE THERE DOING THIS!!!!!!!!!"

I cant wait for this movie i have to see it now!!!!!!

I'm only going to watch if billy Murray sings bare necessities

I hope it's got all the bear necessities for a good movie !!

"The Jungle Book. Can't wait !! It will always remind me the Disney one's as 
when I was a kid. Try the ""jungle book binaural sound"" on YouTube too. Soon 
such kind of movie will be screened in 3D-Sound + 3D-Image. And then 
Full-360 with Oculus Rift."

"I really love The Jungle Book story, but the CGI in it looks strictly 
average at this modern age."

Way too much bad CGI

Bears, tigers, jaguars, apes, buffaloes all living in the same ecosystem?

"Old one or new ? Book or film ?
Theres also The Good dinosaur coming out which is very similar but 
different animals."

I Sher Kan't wait for this movie

I'm waiting to watch it......

271th!

My favourite childhood story..waiting for release.

Just awesomeeeeee. Beyond my imagination!

"From the studio that brought you pedophilia and the fat ass from Rudy comes 
the remake of a cartoon from a remake of previously made Jungle Book movie 
from the 90's...the Jungle Book remake, times 2."

dang

looks bad

"Make an original movie, jesus christ movie industry. I couldn't even finish 
this trailer it was so boring."

"jungal jungal pata chala hai...pata chala hai...
chaddi pehenke phull khilaa hai..phull khilaa hai...."

Ugh. Right in the childhood.

10-Oct

I just dooded my pans!!

Holy shit that looked visually amazing

"Superb...
Hope the movie would be as good as the trailor"

Christopher Walken? as King Louie?  Yes

The effects look pretty good!

Looks epic.

whats the song name from 1.28 sec?

"one of my favorite stories EVER I hope to god its more like the book than 
the cartoon :p"

   !

It's about time. Bagheera fighting Shere Khan?! I hope Baloo gets in on it.

oh my lord 

Looks beautiful. I can't wait!

"I'm not really that excited about all the remakes, but does anyone else 
agree that Mulan would make an awesome live action movie?"

SSScarlett JohanSSSon voiSSSe never SSSounded thiSSS SSSexy before.

No Wolves No Jungle Book!!

"It's like a trailer for HER. Kept getting distracted by Scar O's voice 
hahahaha"

OMG I am so excited! This looks amazing!!!!

S-Kaa-lett Johansson

"So, The Jungle Book is based in India, and you couldn't think of casting 
Indian voices? Kaa, the Indian rock python speaks Scarlett Johansson 
tongue? The bid for commercializing your product and selling it to your 
presumably biggest audience can be so blatantly racist, is what we seem to 
learn. If you had a chance to make a film of this scale, you could have 
done right by the requisites of the story than your box office. I'm sure a 
banner like Disney could have pulled it off, either way."

Eager to see Scarlett Johanson.. 

King Louie is way bigger than Baloo, lol

"Disney starting to run out of ideas? Wonder if they're gonna do this with 
all their past cartoon films... I probably wouldn't mind if they did it 
with Mulan."

I certainly can't wait for this film to come out! It is going to be good!

cant wait to watch................

This looks great I can't wait to see this

Totally watching this !!!!!! :D

"Please don't fuck it up! Please don't fuck it up! Please don't fuck it up! 
PLEASE!!!!!!"

All the furries will love this

"it's my dream that movie will be made on jungle book but now time is 
coming!!!"

"bad, can't beat the original cartoon animations of old. too real life. 
Looks like more for grown ups."

"My favorite part was the tiger bitch pawing the panther. Tigers = world's 
strongest big cat"

"I'll be one of the first to say I'm not a huge fan of all these Disney 
live-action remakes (not saying they're bad movies, just unnecessary ones).
I'll also be the first to say I truly wondered how they were going to cast 
parts for these (at least for me and my childhood) iconic voices. 
Phil Harris, Sterling Holloway, Sebastian Cabot, Louis Prima, and George 
Sanders all completely owned those roles, and I have very, VERY fond 
memories of the original Disney film. 
So, naturally, I was concerned when I heard not one but TWO new Jungle Book 
films were announced, one of which was being made by Disney. 
After seeing the trailer, my action could be boiled down to this: Scarlett. 
Johansson. 
Kaa was tied for my absolute favorite character in the original, and 
Sterling Holloway played the part to perfection. I'll admit I was more than 
a little worried when I heard that Scarlett would be voicing the sneaky 
snake. 
She completely and utterly put all that doubt to rest the second I pieced 
together that it was Kaa doing the trailer voiceover. It just disappeared, 
vanished. She isn't Sterling Holloway, but neither is Holloway Scarlett 
Johansson. Both of them bring something very different but equally 
incredible to the role, and after hearing the obvious love and care 
Scarlett put into just the few lines heard here, I'm starting to think that 
this movie just might be the live-action Disney movie that softens me a 
little on the whole idea. 
And having Idris Elba doesn't hurt either. That guy could have voiced the 
one of the trees and I'd still want to hear it. But freaking Shere Khan? 
The casting is incredible, the overall look of the film looks promising. I 
dunno guys. Did Disney do something right this time?"

Anybody knows where I can find the music to this trailer ? thanks !

Omgggg I can't wait for this shit!

"If this is a success, we may finally see a live action adaptation to ""Red 
dog"", when Mowgli and the wolves fight the dhole."

King Louie voiced by Christopher walken... Shut up and take my money!

2016 is EPIC!

"F*************ck me. Shut up and take my money.

PS: When is Jungle Book: Origins coming? Featuring Benedict Cumberbech and 
Christian Bale (Now that's the height of awesomeness.)"

Fuck this bullshit. All movies are the same. They fuck up the originals.

That's how a bear can rest at ease! Fuckin bare necessities!

I AM READY!

why is Louie is freaking Huge!?

887 people need to get a life!

This looks fantastic....

well, these animals are far more terrifying than the original 0_o

WOW! That does what a trailer is built for!! Makes me WANNA SEE THE MOVIE!!

This just went from SERIOUS TO COMEDY in the Bill of a Murray!

"The Jungle Book, the next exciting Trilogy from Disney. Why a Trilogy? 
Because money."

Why the cgi so bad

Bill Murray is the bear!

LOL BILL MURRAY! ROTF!

Christopher Walken! I'M SOLD!

Wow.. Absolutely brilliant..

OH YES!!

"Well there is a ""Jungle Book"" cartoon movie back in 1967 which I have to 
say was a good movie indeed. And now I am looking forward to see this movie 
along with the new Deadpool movie."

INNER CHILD REINVIGORATED

"man I hope they make a tarzan movie like this based on the old disney 
motion picture, that tarzan 3D back in 2013 kinda sucked"

    ,     .

Babi utang ke tu waahhh bagus

"Always the same... CGI, battle, danger, beautiful cinematography and an 
almost inexistent plot with director and studio praising..."

THANK YOU DISNEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

" hey!  i'm fifteen and create music with 
my friends  it would mean a lot if 
you'd check it out and tell me what you 
think.  thanks! link in bio  
https://soundcloud.com/jresonance/mantra"

waiting..... luv d trailer

"isnt the snake supposed to be a guy with a really passive quiet voice? So 
why did they replace it with a woman?"

i'd fuck snake scarlett johanson tbh

Man, even as a snake, Scarlett Johansson is hot.

Pretty pumped for this movie

beautiful

Did they change some of the characters gender?

"Still waiting for that Bambi live action remake starring Dwayne ""The Rock"" 
Johnson."

"i thought cgi would be on another level, this looks like shit. 
let james cameron do the work lol"

"Umm i dnt know but that last whistle sounds similar with soundtrack of HERO 
( released 1983 directed by Subhash Ghai )"

wow!!!

Why is Kaa a girl now?

Good stuff the Jungle lives on!!

"I think Disney do live action movies from their animated films. I'm not 
saying all, but the good/popular ones. Does anyone remember there's an old 
live action of Disney's The Jungle Book fr. 1994?"

So Good. Tears!

"Justice for Kaa. He's the hero of the book, the only reason Mowgli is able 
to escape the monkeys. A noble beast misrepresented!"

its just the bare necessities simple bear necessities..

"A lot of viewers don't even know what he was whistling at the end.....only 
one of the BEST FUCKING SONGS IN ANIMATION HISTORY!!!!!!"

Jetzt schon hin und weg von Baghira und der ganzen Musik 

aaaaa were are the wolf's

that cast though

"despite the awesome cast this just looks like another unnecessary remake 
with way too much cgi"

EVERYONE GO WATCH "UNTOUCHED" BY THE VERONICAS!!!!!!!!!!

kaa

"im SO FUCKNIG RXITEIDKLA EXCITED, I CANT WAITR, BALOO WAS HUMMING BARE 
NECESSITIES AND LOOK AT KAA AND LOOK AT SHERE KHAN, JESUS CHRIST."

"I don't understand why we don't just get a pixar/dreamworks whatever, 
rendition of these movies instead of this 10 % liveaction 90 % cgi 
bullshit."

I love the jungle book but this looks really dumb

Multiple eyegasms!! I feel like I'm 6 again :'(

THEY NEED TO MAKE A EPIC TARZAN MOVIE LIKE THIS BUT BETTER!

prollyinkh3

"I was like 'oh yeah I listen to Scarlet's voice' then in the cast name...

'yeppppp there she is'"

"The Jungle Book presented as an action film :( ... I'm disappointed! And 
Kaa's voice sucks!"

"i loved it.....but one doubt where is akela, father wolf..etc...all the 
characters of the wolf gang who actually raises Mogli???"

Why would they do this?

I giggled when I heard the "bear necessities" whistle! XD

stunning visuals

Music by George Bruns? No? I'll pass...

"Sooo why do they call it a live remake if the whole thing is mocap, cgi and 
animations???"

"So... thoroughly unimpressed. Is this a trailer for the Jungle Book or 
Ironman 4 - Jungle Patriot? I never knew a little kid could jump out of so 
much shit in 2 minutes. The trailer trend nowadays is so goddamn intense. I 
want to see a trailer of every single Disney Movie edited like it's 
Inception meets Avengers."

looks brilliant

Can't wait for this

"yeeeah Is this going to be a thing now? live action Disney movies filled 
with CGI?"

Looks good

This looks amazing !!

It's about time!!!! :D

Where are the songs?

is mowgli cgi too since his face is allways so wierd/ Unseeable

Am I the only one who thinks they're ruining it?

"I have mixed feelings on this. Jungle Book was my girl's favorite growing 
up and looking at the trailer, I'm not sure if she would have loved this as 
a child or feared it! O_o"

OMG! Can't wait!!!

"I like how they gave the snake a smooth and comforting voice. This looks so 
good!"

dffg

Looks more like a horror film to me...

Superb creation! Childhood is back!

Where are the wolves?

"If they can make a Disney's live-action The Jungle Book, then they should 
make a Disney's live-action The Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast, 
Aladdin, and a Disney's live-action anything-in-general. Those of you who 
agree on any of those, thumbs up and say ""aye""."

WOW!      They could finally  make a really decent  Tarzan movie

"When first viewing the trailer, it didn't do much of anything for me. Don't 
know what it is, because I used to watch the Jungle Book a lot when I was a 
kid. Upon second viewing, I told myself that I must have either not paid 
attention hard enough or missed something. It looked a little bit better 
the second time around, I think. I just really hope they don't fuck it up 
like most of the other sequels and remakes...which is every other movie 
coming out these days..."

make friends

"0:44 ""poor, sweet little girl""

What? Mowgli is a girl now?

1:05

and Khaa is a woman now?

Sorry, disney, but this is major bull and you know it."

Amazing job....

mind blowing graphics

so...no showtunes?

Amazing and dangerous trailer...

Wow, Scarlett Johansson is terrible at voice acting...

so this is like tarzan right, ;-)

"Why is everybody so against cg? This would be so dangerous with real life 
wild animals. And if they did use real animals, everybody would be crying 
""animal cruelty""! I hope the movie lives up to the trailer? Looks really 
good."

"DISNEY MOVIE DIRECTOR: How about we just start from scratch again, only 
this time we use CGI and real people to act out animated characters?

DISNEY CEO: God fucking dammit jim you did it again!!! you genius! here are 
my keys, go fuck my wife"

"Cinderella, Maleficent, Tomorrow Land, Alice in Wonderland, now 
this...awesome"

That was epic. Gave me serious goosebumps.

'Trust In Me' And 'You Can Take This Pussy'

Will totally watch it! 

"this trailer is just kick-ass. Sher Khan looks so ferocious!!

""and..trust in me...""! <3...
cant wait!!"

"Wait? So there is gonna be two jungle book movies? I thought Christain Bale 
was supposed to be in this and when I looked it up its actually going to be 
a whole other movie."

Black widow as a snake.... Snake widow....... Yea, I would trust that

"The atmosphere is great, but the CGI...there's so much of it. Reminds me 
strongly of the Hobbit trilogy, too much CGI for my taste."

Just awesome!!!

What next? remake of ducktales....hotel strangeduck?

Neat!

"Yet another misleading trailer from Disney (seriously, they just suck with 
trailers). Anyone who doesn't know this is a musical and thinks they're 
going to see an epic adventure movie is going to be really pissed off."

#kingkong

"Not feeling it at all jungle book was fun when I was little kid, this looks 
gloomy and dark."

Well i'll be damed, a real life remake XD

This is the only movie remake I'm actually excited for

"Im definitely seeing the world premier. I've watched the toon movie like a 
million times when I was younger. it was my childhood."

"so Disney is remaking the 1994 remake of Jungle Book? Not sure which 
version I'm going to like better."

"Mixed feelings here. We got another live-action remake of a classic. Don't 
know if it will be good or bad. Maybe the latter. Hopefully not as 
disappointing as Maleficent."

i like this movie

WHAT IS THIS MUSIC?!? Anybody know what the trailer music is?

"SEEEERRRKKKKAAAANNNNNN!!!! I LOVE THIS DUDE only cause he has my 
name....... serkan <3"

"Those who disliked are either buffoons or not born on 90's... Stupid 
today's generation..!!!"

Ladies and gentleman.......... Kaa just got sexy. Very, very sexy.

Looks great

This movie will fail.

its going to suck compared to the classic

http://www.ebay.com/usr/ebadank

"Nobel Laureate Rudyard Kipling gives a big thumbs up from his grave! 
#GoMowgli"

way to go Tarzan!

Pretty decent actors for something that looks so shit.

O_O *cue freak out in 3,2,1*

Since when both in the book and the original has the snake been female?

theres no way this will work.

7/10 too much CGI. IGN

you guys are destroying my childhood :(

Didn't they already make Jungle Book before?

WTF is this ?!?

null

YO SE DE UNA QUE VA QUERER VERLAAAAA

Why does everything want to kill him?

Please let Walken be King Louie. Please let him do a scat song routine...

"I don't dislike the idea or anything like that, but Disney movies are 
getting so fucking serious."

"Disney has audacity to make high quality movies, yet no sense to properly 
research Correct names of all characters in Jungle Book. Something that 
West (english) has always ignored about India, not recognizing its feat, 
names, it being the father of advance math, the discovery of all numbers 
not just Zero, advance astronomy and medical sciences, misunderstanding 
Hinduism as a religion than a culture, mistakenly giving all credits to 
Arabs since they were a medium for trade to india."

Amazing!

WOW :)

Im all in for this one.

...I have no objections to this.

i would love to have from the director of "Chef" instead of "Iron man"

Wasn't there already a GOOD Jungle Book live action movie?

why is it SO INTENSE???

Mulan live action remake-now

much exciting

Maya's got to get pay Disney don't play

"I was laughing so hard when I saw this title and thumbnail!  Like boo... 
can't Disney make a new decent movie instead of sequels "

"Our family were so excited. Can't wait to see this in 3D next yarrr! 
"

"I bet king Louie is going to have a speech about the lion like Christopher 
walken did"

youtube.com otv.az bir aile faciesi

Oh yea

Why

"Anyone else hear him whistling the bear necessities song at the end of the 
trailer?"

"Well I like indian version of jungle book a old one..Disney sucks if this 
movie  is good then tyvm for making 19th century story alive again"

I hope it won't be as dissapointing as Alice in Wonderland

this shit light. but then again, i wasnt checkin for the cartoon so...

Well this is gonna be the shittiest shit shit ever shitted. Shit me.

At this point, is there a real difference between Jungle Book and Tarzan?

"This is what happens when 'muricin corporations get their paws on what is a 
charming book. Cue they syrupy script/music....!"

"Another empty, pointless CGI action film disguised as a children's classic. 
Do yourself a favor and watch Rudyard Kipling's Jungle Book from 1994 
instead."

oh crap 2016... i cant wait

Should be an elegant movie; not a mega action blockbuster.

Engsub please...:(

the first human who can parseltongue

YAAAAAAAASS

Feels very unesisary.

Baloo better talk.

nnnnnn

Awesome

1:34 omg the feels.

Bagheera and Balu!! :')

"At the end of that trailer, I just heard whistling of the song ""The Bare 
Necessities""!
1:36"

"I was looking forward to this. So many choices that made me moan; Scarlet 
is not soothing, has no malice, nor friendly, I don't know I was feeling it 
with her. 2, The music. It makes it look like a generic kids action movie. 
Why so epic? Chill out. AND.the CGI.sooooooooooooo bland. No character. 
Oi."

"and what white washed, no name celebrity's child did you choose for this 
leading role, Disney? :)"

Jesu christ Kaa is fucking scary

this shit looks FIRE!!!

Great Work, Will Be a Blockbuster :-)

Fantastic ....

I love Scarlett Johansson's voice :)

"The Original Tarzan,lol to bad it's a Disney film i wanted to see Scarletts 
jugs :)"

YOOOO I AM WAITING FOR U MOGLI

Hey, a live action tarza....wait, what?

"This trailer is SO well made.. Scarletts voice talking, and then gets 
revealed as the snake. Very well thought out!"

"Where are is the seven dwarfs movie, starring Peter Dinklage as Grumpy, 
Brad Williams as Happy, and Katy Perry as the cocaine dealer Snow White?"

"There's only one Live Jungle Book Mowgli. And that was Sabu Dastagir. Check 
out the Original Live action Film of The Jungle Book from 1942."

"hey............ it's great story of RUSKIN BOND and Indian based story of 
India :D"

Looks great!

"No!! Why would you do this!? No body wants to see real looking animals die! 
WTF"

I wanted to here Shere Kahn's voice by Idris Elba

Tiger needs more anger in face and size

I thought this was a live action remake.

Hollywood is running out of ideas.

Gay

"Which stupid guy designed these animals.? African elephant? Orang Utan.? 
North American bear.? Where the hell did you see this in Indian 
subcontinent?"

"'We took one of your favourite upbeat childhood movies..and turned it.. 
INTO. A. F$&KING. ACTION MOVIE!!!! AW YEAAAAA'

What's next? 'Pocahontas Secret Assassin'?"

Where are the wolves?

The music SOUNDS GREAT. Can't wait already !

"Hmm, not sure how well the talking animals thing is going to work with 
photorealistic CGI. So far I'm not all that optimistic. Maybe it'll turn 
out alright though."

wooooooooooh....Expectations soaring high & high..

"the real tiger shot with 3d angle we need to feel the real tiger the hair 
the muscles the walk and the teeth and the eyes and the tail and the run 
and sound look awesome and funny side of tiger to be shown we love it"

Soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo. no sing alongs?

Yo please does anyone knows the song in this trailer?

"I cannot tell you how excited I am. at first I was like, wonderful, Disney 
is making this shitty cgi movie.
then I saw the trailer.
how wrong I was...
Seriously, it looks like it is going to be amazing. I had shivers down my 
spine! I cannot believe Scarlett is voicing Kaa.
best choice ever"

Mogli a gya haha

"Before watching
""Didn't they already do a pretty good live action jungle book reboot?""
After watching
*burns Live action Jungle Book movie*"

"I just have one question...Who is Bill Murray voice acting? Please let it 
be Baloo."

All these chills am getting now, so unreal.

No credit given to Andy Serkis?

"Everyone is talking about how big King Louie is but nobody is saying how 
FUCKING huge Kaa is. Shit, at that size Kaa can take down King Louie"

awsome.... i missed my childhood cartoon

"Whenever you see ""From the directory of..."" or ""From the writers of..."", 
then the movie completely sucks, and they know it."

"So is Disney going to make a new cinematic universe with theses live action 
movies? Like the MCU? First Cinderella & now jungle book. Will there be 
references to Cinderella in this movie? I hope they are a shared universe 
that would be so cool"

...We've been here before. I'm out.

"awesome movie yr..
kab aa rhi he ye movie. ...."

Looks incredible, cant wait!

bilash

"For me few glitches might be : 
- They made King Louie a Gigantopithecus ( an extinct ape species ) rather 
than an Orangutans (which don't exist in India) but he shouldn't be the 
size of King Kong !
- They made Balooo a grizzly bear, which is ridiculous, because they don't 
exist in India
- They made Kaa into a female unlike the original, her CGI looks so bad.
- Sher Khan looks like a Siberian Tiger instead of a Bengal Tiger.

I like the deeper, darker, scarier take of the jungle book for the teaser 
however I hope it maintains its original happy vibrant vibe for the film. 
The last whistle scene gives me some hope."

"I am tired of seeing Indians being portrayed as jungle boys along wild 
animals"

This is Tarzan Parody type

"They were so busy thinking about if they could make this, that they didn't 
stop to think about whether they should..."

"I think Its Pretty Bad CGI for a 2016 film by Disney. But looks far better 
than Tarzan (2013)."

I hope disney makes a series . That will automatically turn legendary

Screw CGI, hand-drawn forever!

its all about Baloo and the beat

Don't use Maya so obviously... or use it better if you do.

Scarlett's voice is soothing and seductive at the same time

Why would they do this........ WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY THE CGI IS AWFUL

"Don't hate just cuz it's full of CGI, they can't really use real animals 
cuz they can't tell them what to do and how to do it so stfu, if you don't 
like it then simply just don't watch it simple as that, no need to be bitch 
about it."

"the problem with this type of animation is that it looks shit in the 
future. old style is way better.
This stuff will just become outdated and look fake and blurry in the 
future.."

HULY SHET! :D

"When I heard ""bear necessities"" at the end my hype level was so high I 
broke my own scouter"

"I love the butthurt, like this is the first time they made a live action 
Jungle Book."

Trust in me is now very VERY intimidating.

Looks incredible! I'd spend litteraly some dollars watching Disney remakes.



"OMG I love this live actions so much, I want all Disney's movies to be live 
actions, pleeeeeease! 
Especially Little Mermaid, The Lion King, Tarzan, Hercules and Pocahontas!"

"oh! I remembered it as a colorful, full of life series based on 
relationship between human and nature....but this one looks scary are 
artificial... As far as I remember,its a story about Mowgli and his 
innocence which we human loose as we grow old, we start exploiting nature 
and think ourself above the nature. I hope movie ll b better then the 
trailer."

I thought the boy was supposed to be a dark skin Indian.

"Why are there Orangutans, Chimpanzees and even African Elephants in an 
Indian jungle?

Let me guess, the movie is made by a dummmaasss American?"

Awesome! Childhood dream come true.

watched the jungle book when i was s kid.....excitement level over 9000.

"Just hearing hearing that voice makes me want to see this. I mean, Scarlet 
Johansson as Kahn. Does it get any better than that?"

That whistle at the 1:37.

"And once again poor Kaa is portrayed as a villian, whereas in the books he 
was one of Mowgli's friends and ally. I'm gonna bet too Baloo is once more 
portrayed as an indulgent nonchalant layabout instead of the proper serious 
Teacher of the Jungle Law of Mowgli and the other wolf cubs he was in the 
books."

disney please make national treasure 3.......first

Are chaddi pahan k phool khila hai phool khila hai..

Mogli

"Why does Wikipedia state this movie is a live action remake, when this is 
clearly all cgi?"

"I'm not gonna lie, this looks pretty great. My ticket was sold the day I 
heard Christopher Walken as King Louie. By god that's going to be 
interesting."

Looks like life of pie to me

That could be a little too much for kids.

"What's the other jungle book movie going to be about? The one with 
Christian Bale. I don't see why we need 2?"

Epicness! ^^

Anybody else cried when they saw this?Me neither!!

how the fuck is this live action

"Why do people think this is a good thing? Disney's already announced plans 
to remake a whole bunch of other movies in ""live action"" (I don't think all 
this CGI vomit can properly be called live action), so if this does 
marginally well, then Disney will just decide that this is where the money 
is, rather than actually creating new, fresh ideas."

That is scarlett fucking johansson! OMG

bear necessities

"Temple Run: The Movie.
I wonder how many other classics Disney will ruin. This film looks like a 
giant CGI headache."

I hope they don't do this to the lion king.

I'm guessing the focus won't be on singing and dancing?

*looking for the bare necessities*

"Lol, I guess putting Baloo at the beginning of the trailer would've been 
too ""anti-climactic"" for Disney's taste?"

oh dear childhood...what a dark thing you have become

"I remember next to nothing about Jungle Book but I`m stil excited to see 
where this is going.
Maybe I should watch it again."

"1- There is nothing better than and Indian boy with animals! We know it. 

2- People complaining about the CGI - Do you guys even know the movie is 
still in works? It's unfinished. If we get the tiger level from Life of PI 
to all these animals in this, then it's gold. You know it right? 

3- Drax approves!"

"A movie about nature brought to you by a computer."

I Got Chills!!! This is Dope! Can't wait!!

"This one is a for sure smoke a big head lol. 
Nice trailer."

Oh look!!! Its the live-action tarzan prequel!!!!! XD

For fuck sake

Im excited as long as its not a musical.

"This ain't no musical for sure, and why is Ka a lady snake? Was that a 
necessary change? He was one of the best characters in the original movie."

"i was play this game The Jungle Book | my Old computers now release Movie 
pretty Good"

The bear necessities is coming back to me!!

"Not bad for a trailer. At least this one is different from the animated 
version or other live versions based on Rudyard Kipling. I hope this one 
will be the Disney's live action classic and of course, Cinderella did it 
well to make it perfect. The rest like Maleficent and Alice in Wonderland 
sucked for no reason to be classic like them. Although the shots were 
clever and things were edgy thanks to Jon Favreau directing this version. 
The next year will be good and I'm hoping see it. By the way, do the bear 
whistkes for ""The Bear Nescesties?"" That's odd."

hypeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

"I'm sorry, but if a snake that had Scarlett Johannson's voice asked me to 
do anything, consider it done!"

"I hope they make a Mulan, The Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast, and 
Aladdin movie next."

"People complaining about the live action ruining the cartoon when the 
cartoon version ruined the actual book. Baloo disliked Mowgli at first, 
Bagheera was raised in captivity, Kaa saves Mowgli from the monkeys, and 
Shere Khan had a rabid jackal for a sidekick. and there was no King Loui 
because there are no orangutans in India"

nice....

Am I the only one who thinks this is going to be bad??

Mandy they just might remake the lion King

Mowgli is so cute! This is gonna be good!

boOk about truSsst

good movie

Ayyyy, they didn't randomly make Mowgli white! Props, Disney!

"""I can't feel any connection to the characters"", ""there's no dialogue"" IT'S 
A TEASER TRAILER PEOPLE."

"I love the bear necessities whistle at the end :3 scarlett johansson is so 
amazing perfect cast tooooo"

next up live action sleeping beauty

"why did they make Shere khan a Siberian tiger? He is meant to be a Bengal 
tiger."

I might cry a little.

So is King Louie King Kong?

"What a let down, took a classic and combined it with jurassic park and king 
kong."

Really nice!

"I don't like this trailer at all: It gives the impression that Disney have 
made a classic children's story into a generic action flick."

"After watching this Trailer i feel like Jumping from one tree to another 
wearing a Thong :D :D"

"When did Hollywood decided to make shitty trailers. Needs more fade to 
blacks and loud noises, also that was not enough action for my taste"

"this is techically disney's second live action jungle book movie. anyone 
ever watch the jungle book 1994. (granted it is more tarzan like then 
jungle book)"

"Love it - I created and wrote a stage version of Pinocchio with black light 
scenes that toured all the UK Theatres including Birmingham Hippodrome 
(1979/80). I then started on the Jungle Book with the same format but never 
completed it because I started on my books - it would be great on the 
stage."

terrible effects... completely detracts from the story

"The only apes in India are gibbons. That too, they are found in a small 
area towards the northeast where there are no tigers. Also, India does not 
have grizzly bears or brown bears. The bears in India are quite small and 
black in colour. I know this is not a wildlife documentary, but Disney 
could have done better."

"donno how many times i remember the story and missed the jungle book.... 
excited ..... waiting for it"

"Well, no original ideas anymore


MAKE A FUCKING REMAKE IF YOU WANT MONEY AND ARE TOO LAZY TO MAKE A GOOD 
MOVIE!"

"
"



"A bit skeptical about Scarlett playing Kaa, otherwise looks to be a decent 
action film."

It better have the songs.

"I never complain, if you give me epic CGI i WILL watch your movie...I'm 
like a gold digger for cgi"

"Of all the shitty live action Disney remakes we had so far this one looks 
to be the best of the bunch.  Looks good."

well, anyone who knows a treatment for goose bumps?

"Hey guys check-out my channel for interesting Videos, Subs, Share & Likes 
Appreciated :-)"

wow this is nothing like i expected

The music is awesome, the name?

since when is Kaa a woman?

"i had no idea scarlet johanson and bill fuckin murray had anything to do 
with this. idk why they are making live action adaptions of every damn 
disney movie. the only one that was good so far,was maleficent,because it 
actually put a twist on the story. they should make a live action adaption 
of lilo and stitch."

"amazed by this & maleficent trailer
maleficent was great...."

"Yes yes and a whole lotta yes! One of my favorite Disney films, comes to 
life. Oh, I just hope they don't deviate from the story they already had."

As long as they sing songs it's still k

"this movie just looks so visually stunning!!!! Jon Favreau knows what he's 
doing"

Next is a full CGI movie of The Lion King

"Bear Necessities" will never be the same after this.

The CGI book: the remake. In 3D

Where the Raksha, Akela? Where are the wolves? It is strange..

"Umm...the story is set in India, so why are the animals voiced by 
non-Indian actors? Sick of your racism Hollywood. #whitewash, 
#brownlivesmatter, #imperialism."

Who is that little kid?

nope

Jungle, Jungle baat chali hai, pata chala hai...

But will King Louie sing the swing?

"Looks much different than the cartoon version. It actually looked somewhat 
scary for young audiences until the end with the famous jungle book 
whistle!"

"IMEANNOTTOPOSTSPAM
BUTIHAVENOTANOTHERWAYTOREACHYOU
SOHEREGOETH
ISAWJESUSWEEPINGFORME
PLEASE
READABOUTITUPONMYPAGE
THANKYOU"

Im already giving a warning beforehand; they better not fuck this one up.

"they worked so hard for it Its will 100 times better than James bond 
spectre"

Can't wait for this!

"OMG! kids, you're lucky little bastards to have this CGI technology! 

The trailer alone blew away the whole cartoon movie! Can't wait to see it!"

those animals look like they belong in a pixar movie

Looks epic. Can't wait to see it.

Childhood memories ! <3

"I've never gotten this big of nostalgic goose bumps before once I heard 
that whistling at the end. Makes me miss being a kid."

DAMN NATURE! YOU SCARY!!!

"Jungle jungle baat chali hai...
Pata chala hai.. Aarre chaddi pehen ke phool khila... phool khila hai..."

"Jungle jungle baat chali hai...
Pata chala hai.. Aarre chaddi pehen ke phool khila... phool khila hai..."

Awesome its brilliant making

Awesome!

"The best part is they took an Indian boy to play Mowgli, not a white person 
with blackened face like they used to do in the past."

"Hmmm, looks interesting. Let's see the cast.
Bill Murray as Baloo the Bear. Great choice.
Ben Kingsley as Bagheera the Panther. He's good in every movie he does.
Scarlett Johansson as Kaa the Python. Odd choice but I'm down for that. 
She's proven that she can do voice work thanks to ""Her"".
Idris Alba as Shere Khan the Tiger. Oh hell yes! Idris is a great actor. 
He'll be intimidating as hell in this role.
Christopher Walken as King Louis the Orangutan... Do I need an explanation? 
It's Christopher Fucking Walken! The man has the best delivery on the 
planet. Though, I must confess. This trailer... it *needs* more cowbell!"

Wao is incredible, I'm dying to see the movie next year =)

I'm hyped as fuck for this!

Ang Lee...

"Oh sweet Jesus of a fuck nope GG you officially ruined the original jungle 
book movie g fucking g"

"Gotta be honest, was NOT expecting it to look that good. Alright Disney you 
got me. Now I can stop feeling so apprehensive about the new Star Wars."

"This looks a lot better than the live action remake that was made in the 
'90s."

should be nice movie

mowgli is a girl?

"Christopher Walken? Christopher Walken?! Christopher Walken!!!!!!! I'VE GOT 
A FEVER!!! AND THE ONLY PRESCRIPTION- IS MORE COWBELL!!!!"

HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE

i'm sooooo excited for this!

wow !!

anybody know the trailer music? not sure if its an original score or not

very best movie

looks great

No wolves?!!!

No wolves?!!!

1:06 mi dadddi

Oh boy, oh boy ! I can't wait to hear Baloo sing.

Iron man and Pirate of the Caberian put me off the hype train.

"Don't get me wrong, I'm still gonna see the movie but this makes it look a 
bit too much like a horror movie crossed with an action film. I was 
practically waiting for it to show ""Directed by M. Night Shyamalan and 
Michael Bay"""

How do they intend on making it look like a real-life bear sings? xD

"If I did not know this was ""live action"", I would think it was a cgi 
movie..."

AWESOME!

l like

So adventurous, Real thing...

Awesomeeeee!!!

1:37 ... that music from nintendo nes 8 bit games ;) <3 childhood memories

Bagheera, Baloo, Kaa, King Louie and Khaaaaaaan!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

"I was kind of hoping to see other characters besides Kaa speak. And no, I 
don't count Bill Murray's whistling at the end."

Are musical numbers still in?

looks like it's a fucking action movie

The cgi is horrible, did you see how the Burmese Python looked?

"why is it the trailer is so serious?! I thought jungle book was funny and 
he had fun in the jungle."

This looks so expencive :D

I would trust Scarlett Johansson.

"i don't even know.i mean I did like jungle book 
when i was kid but only one 
word comes to mind when i see 
this...cheesy. but who knows it might be good y'all"

hard work

"Childhood Stories Gone Bad!!! please dont make childhood memories so dark 
T_T"

looks awesome!! but where are the wolves?

dddd

why are they making a new one whats wrong with the one. Disney made himself

awesome

Where is the Andy Serkis version?

dafuq did I just watch?

But why?

All the voice actors are white with the exception of the main villain?

hey beautiful ; can we talk ?

"aaaand this trailer just destroyed all my hopes of this movie being true to 
the book (and trust in me-quote was the last nail to that coffin). You 
could make an amazing movie series of the book but every fucking time 
people lean on the disney cartoon movie from the old day. Are they really 
that scared of people thinking ""hey this aint jungle book?"" simply because 
theyd go the opposite way from disney?"

"The music in the first one was too good. I don't think I could watch a 
jungle book movie without King Louie singing ""doobie doo, I wanna be like 
you..."""

I like the idea

The whistling bit of the "bear necessities" at the end was perfect.

"Awesome, waiting for the movie. The soundtrack at the end of the teaser 
gives me goosebumps."

Great

Yesssss

"All right, all right, the CGI is great, but does the plot have the 
'Bear-Necessities'?"

"I'm a little salty Scarlett Johannson was cast as the snake's voice; 
considering Kaa was a man- but aside from gender, really you couldn't hire 
an Indian actor for the voice? Like I know some trolls might say they 
wouldn't want a heavy accent performing but I mean, really? I don't know 
maybe I just want diversity? Maybe it just suits it because this is a 
beautiful tale from India? Really Disney? Oh well. #MaybeNextTime"

Ah a remake ... The Disney's jungle book with Mowgli's story uped graphics.

"So the snake is Scarlett Johansson
No wonder it sound so sexy"

"Thank god that they didn't make mowgli a white kid.The way everything is 
being changed from their original race,I was half expecting this kid to be 
white.Glad the selected a kid from the same race."

that whistle ALWAYS gives me goosebumps!

That boy is really brave!

"Bill Murray = Baloo
Christopher Walkin = Kind Louie
I'm ready."

my childhood is back !

Scarlett Johansson

Omg, not enough CGI in this, we need moare, MOARE CGI! It's the only way.

yay

"wow... I want to watch this movie. I was reading it. It's very interest... 
#fromthailand"

"I'm really hoping they stick a bit more to the source material in this film 
and keep Kaa as a good guy. He was so wise & ancient in the book and a 
really good voice of reason for Mowgli. Villainous, morally questionable 
Kaa was great and all. But I really want them to take the character back to 
it's roots."

It's a "bear" necessities

Last scene of the trailer is the best part.

Scarlet is perfect for Kaa's voice... Damn.

"Okay, for someone who was never a fan of the original, this actually looks 
pretty good. Well played Mr. Favrou. Well played."

"Oh.....................My.......................God.


I just came."

jungle jungle pata chala h chaddi pahen k phool khila h.....

"Trailer ???? don't you mean Pre-View ??? Trailer = Come behind !!! What 
moron came up the term Trailor ???"

I can't wait for this Best movie.

Bear necessities in the end !!!!

Those 3D animals look ugly

"Goddammit Disney... Not a chance in hell I'm getting hyped for this. 

I'll just treat this as inferior crap until it proves me otherwise."

I call it, its gonna be a flop, just watch !

"I don't remember the snake being female in the original movie? Wait, was 
the snake female in the book? I never read it. Now I want to know."

please this is a kid movie, make it oriented to KIDS!

Mmmmmm

? When the film comes down

"the orangutan, the boa and many animals is this trailer s way too big for 
average real life version of them. Any way, nice try, Disney! u are really 
good with traumatizing kid with their classic by having Happy from Iron Man 
direct it."

I bet those animals don't have American accents in real life.

What ? Only 2 million views ?

"Please tell me that Kaa in this will be true to Rudyard Kipling's source 
material."

Shit I want Watch Nowwwwwww

looks good but i thought andy serkis was suppost to direct this... 

looks like good old charm was thrown out the window

i hope the bear wil sing

tarzan?

Does anyone know what the dramatic music is from the trailer?

"Who is this targeted at?
Looks too dark for children, but doesn't seem like its aimed at teens or 
adults..

It looks interesting but it
Will never match up to Disney's original animation"

War of the planet of the apes confirmed.

"so.... basically Mogli jumping off of things? and more things? and more 
things.... just like jack sparrow.... absolutely no creativity..."

awesome trailer

I am so excited

Looks awesome 

only if the musics in it!

"This live action remakes that Disney keeps doing are really starting to 
piss me off. Refuse to see any of them in theaters cause they're all just 
cash grabs that are shittier than the original animated versions."

this looks epic

i love this video

I can't wait

That was legitness

"Now, y'see, if you are going to be doing live-action remakes of your stuff, 
Disney, this is how you do it!"

Yassss my childhood!

"Im excited for this movie, but why is Baloo a brown bear (all brown bears 
in India live in Himalayn regions)?  He was traditionally a sloth bear."

Cgi fest, but necessary

This looks amazing

Is it just me or did this trailer just copy the whole Maleficent Teaser

"Movies are getting more evil: The serpent said ""trust in me"" Only a serpent 
who is SATAN would say such things as he did in the book of Genesis. 
People have no idea that this is a form of Mind Control...Of course it is a 
WALT DISNEY movie."

Scarlett Johansson <3

live action my fkin ass. this is just a really fancy cartoon.

"Survey SAY'S: X x X x X x X

Awww.... sorry. Thanks for playing... tell em' what they've WON!

You get: Your favorite childhood movies, raped, tortured & impaled in CGI 
by the hateful money-sucking Disney corp. who looks forward to one day 
activating the rights on your imagination, your dreams & your personality 
as their intellectual property ;D"

"As much as I'm not thrilled about gender bending Kaa, I'm still stoked 
about this. This is gonna be EPIC!"

How original

"This looks absolutely incredible! Amazing performers, incredible CGI. These 
are some of the ingredients that make you get lost in the world the 
writer is portraying; the kind of things that makes a movie great!"

The tiger and panther look fake

I always wondered how they got away with having a Bear in the jungle.

"Is that Baloo(Mowgli's best friend)'s Claw @1:27 chasing after Mowgli?

I'd like to believe that's him @1:17 with Bagheera

If that scene when he's running through the temple and the large brown 
furry arm w/ claw is Baloo...why would he attack Mowgli? Or was there 
another Brown Bear/Grizzly in the jungle book?"

sorry i'm french but did Kaa Just say "poor sweet little GIRL " :o ?

"By this trailer, I approve of this film. However, so help me god if they 
turn this movie into a complete 360 like they did with Maleficent.....may 
the fires of heaven rain on every director and producer that thought this 
film would be a good idea."

I already saw this movie coming, was just waiting for the day

"i was in community school waited very long to see the original one , now am 
super exited abt this for my kid"

Why are we mixing African and Indian animals?

Excited to watch this

simply awesome bringing back th beautiful memories of childhood

Live action my ass. Another poor CGI blockbuster crap.

So who's voicing Taaqubi? And will Riki-Tiki make a cameo?

"This will either be good or disgraceful.Things that will make it good:Keep 
it realistic.Keep it serious.Things that will make it horrible:Singing 
(especially the animals.That giant ass orang-utan that could barely fit in 
a ruin made by humans..(no mutant animals please)"

"I swear if they make him white I'm going to have a problem. just like db 
evolution made goku white"

"It seems like too many special effects and green screens are gonna be used 
in this movie"

"Bad CGI", coming May 2016.

"I usually hate all the over hype, but THIS......I'm excited for. I will see 
it in the cinema."

Grew up watching the original over and over. Cant wait to see this !!!

No! Just no.

My childhood :') <3

I have one question.. what character will Walken be voicing?

Wasn't Jungle Book supposed to be "fun" rather than "epic"?

"v nice.d 

- via YTPak(.com)"

"I'm dying, I can't wait...!!! I don't wanna die without watching this 
movie!"

Here take my money $$$$ !!

ko ko.kpmobile 1995

"So IMDB states that Richard Sherman in writing new songs for the 
film...does that mean this will be a musical as well? Because this trailer 
sure as hell didn't make it seem like that, haha."

"I've been wracking my brain trying to remember whom aside from the human 
girl the female voice could be, I finally picked Colonel Hath's wife and 
then I saw the scene ""trust in me"" and I just loled. Scarlett as Kaa?"

I cant wait for this

MY CHILDHOOD OMG

Everything was good.......until the snake was Scarlett Johansson.

Childhood nostalgia....can't........TAKE IT!

lion king too please...

There are trailes that reveal too much, and then there's this one...

Great to Enjoy Excitement with my grand children and waiting to watch in 3D

i like it

wo how great it is . i cant not wait to see it

But wheeeere is Little Mermaid???!

Childhood is coming back in an exciting rush! This looks great! 

The new jungle book looks wicked im up for that lol

Can You feel the jungle rythm

Scarlett Johanssons voice gave me the chills!!

"Hope they kept it true to the book. I'm getting tired of the revisionist 
stuff."

"""Now i'm the king of the swingers ooooooh the jungle V.I.P, i've reached 
the top and had to stop and that's what's botherin me"""

OMG IM SO EXCITED!!!!!!

".......I rather stick to the cartoon version. This tone is too dark, even 
for children."

Yay more shaky cam !

Omg!! My son could've played this boy 18 yrs ago lol

Bagheeraaaaaaa!!!

"they made a live version, because everyone who knows about this is an adult 
now and doesn't want to see some animated kids bullshit.. stop your 
complaining and just enjoy hope epic this shit looks.. I swear some people 
just complain about everything, take your bear necessities and just enjoy 
your life"

Woah... so cool * _ *

1:06 Nightmare fuel. Thanks, Disney.

thats one big ass ape

y dear god....y....

Guinne conackry

omfg omfg

Where are the wolves? Fuckers!

Wonder if we'll get a cgi tailspin.

so excited!!!!!!!!

"HEYYY! Dazap bon roneehh!! Hop Da bee bah la da dot don rown! 
HEEEEEENNNDABEBEDET! 
dootsabadoodadays
dootsabadoodadays
A Bones
A Bap Bap Babaay!"

I've been waiting for this my entire life!

i like this movie

SPOILER HE SURVIVES!

That whiste at the end.... The nostalgia is real right now

Don't ruin my childhood, you fuckers!

FLASHBACK!!! :D

wow..

"Usually I hate all these gritty live action reimaginings of classic 
children's tales... but for whatever reason I'm actually digging this, I'll 
look forward to it."

Tarzan 3D 4Head EleGigle

But its not a book so why is it called the jungle book?

        .

O M G...

No. No. No.

"After watching the trailer, I'm super excited when it comes out next April 
2016, but not as much when Beauty & the Beast (2017 film) comes out in 2 
years now that would very super to see huh? I'm also excited to see, 

Tink 
Dumbo 
Mulan 
Winnie the Pooh 
Pinocchio 
Genies 
The Sword in the Stone 
Prince Charming live-action film 

How about some of you? Please let me know, thank you!"

"The background vocie is of that Long Snake! 
It freaked me out when i saw the snake talking :("

That was hot, now Gummi some cool Bears.

Not enuf CGI, definitely needs more CGI

Looks great

  ,  -

"This trailer looks amazing!! If the movie is as good as the trailer then 
its going to be AAMMAAZZIINNGG!!!!!!"

Well this is going to be terrible.

"if they did something like this for lion king I'd be happy out, lion king 
is my favourite Disney movie, as a kid I watched it all day every day :D"

Mogli is that you?

"Ek parinda hoy sharminda, tha woh nanga
Bhai isse to ande ke andar, tha woh changa
Soch raha hai bahar aakhar kyuu niklahai
Arre chaddi pehen ke phool khila hai phool khila hai

Jungle jungle pata chala hai, chaddi pehen ke phool khila hai
Jungle jungle pata chala hai, chaddi pehen ke phool khila ha....Mongli"

wow great video

looks like Life Of Pi

the first time I heard the voice, I knew she was ScarJo, haha

"Disney why are you doing this you would just make more money re releasing 
the movies in the cimemas"

"Not sure how I feel about Scarlett Johansson as Kaa, but at least Kaa won't 
sound like freakin' Winnie-the-Pooh. lol (No real offense to Sterling 
Holloway.)"

So, do the animals talk? I honestly couldn't tell.

"seeing how the book the original was based off of was already pretty dark, 
this seems like it has potential. also bare necessities at the end. (^_^)"

Looove it!

best movie

Disney: Fuck you, you'll pay to see it!

"Oh My God..!!! Disney You got it so wrong..!
1) Baloo is a Sloth Bear.. there are no Brown/Grizzly Bears in India
2) Those elephants looked like African Elephants to me.. They should be 
Indian/Asian Elephants :P
3) Was that an Orangutan?? or a Gigantopithecus?? WTH..!!"

"Who decided her voice could carry this trailer? Scarlett really isn't up to 
the task for voice only roles it seems. Maybe the other jungle book movie 
will be good."

cool

whoaa!!!

"Johansson sounds awful as Kaa. Also since when was Kaa in any way 
threatening? The voice over clearly should have been Elba as Khan"

I hope it doesn't disappoint me like Maleficent did.

"why Bill Murray? isn't his career already dead from the bad movies his been 
in?"

please dont ruin my childhood

Who is sound.Lady Gaga yes or no.

Damn!  I So wanted to hear Baloo speak in Bill Murray's voice.

"This looks like they tried to make jungle book into an action movie. Why 
the fuck would you turn jungle book into an action movie..."

"Jon Favreau? Scarlett Johansson? Ben Kingsley? And Idris Elba?
...
wow"

The Jungle Movie

"Ok let's be honest, we all complain about all the live action remakes that 
are coming out but every trailer or film that we've seen already were great 
xp"

AAAnd TRUssssssT in mEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!

life of pi meets king Kong meets giant snake

I am so excited for this and scarjo as kaa is perfect!

The "Bear Necessities" whistle at the end. OMG!! Cant wait!!!!

"ya know, under the copyright laws that disney and lucas lobbied for... 
jungle book would still be under copyright, right up until 2006... the 
original cartoon would not have been made at all if todays laws were in 
effect #justsayin"

I know the story

This seems fun wait no it's a live action disney film

I wonder why Kaa is now a woman.

the film consist only in jumps O_o

amazing an spectacular

"Hey Disney...this footage is AMAZING!!! give us LION KING live action 
next!! it will break Avatar's record!"

"Da Fuk is this. Is this a jungle book action movie? IS THIS A FUCKING 
JUNGLE BOOK ACTION MOVIE? Wen did we ever ask for this? Fucking director of 
iron man fuck this I ain't watching this piece of shit."

"Am I the only one who hopes for Jungle Book 2.0 ? I loved the second part 
of Jungle Book with Scanty and Ragan!"

Woow... awesome... eagerly wait for this movie...

mowgli is back but in hollywood

THIS NOT ONLY LOOKS AMAZING BUT HAS AMAZING ACTORS TO PORTRAY THEM

"Are people really excited for this shit? Come on guys don't be a sucker 
after all those years...this is just a shitty CGI movie from a great 
cartoon, why would you get hyped for this?"

This stigma against cgi is pointless

"Oh god....CGI is so bad, and what's with this gritty reboot stench to it? 
This is more like ""Tarzan begins"" than The Jungle Book. Disney stop ruining 
old classics."

Wait so the animals still talk?....

Um.... Why is a trailer for a movie based on a story for kids creepy?

"Brings a tear to my eye seeing my favourite childhood movie come to being 
live action/cgi"

"Wow!! ..I have to say it's the most interesting live action depiction of a 
Disney classics even in this teaser. At Least better than those princess 
stuffs."

"Lately I have felt that Disney is a one trick pony with all their remakes 
of their classic stuff. Don't get me wrong I love Disney (or brainwashed to 
love it) but they really need original stuff. With that being said I'm so 
ready for the bare necessities. "

This is just mindblowing superb 

"Why and how someone don't like this trailer. Looks perfect infact more than 
perfect to me :)"

"Weird. All the other Disney live action remakes/revisits annoy me. Why does 
this one seem interesting compared to the others?"

"les filme de gerre? 
prefereur."

"I have NEVER been betrayed by my own brain, so much as with this trailer.
Before hitting play I knew this was going to be crap. I knew it!
Yet here I am now.. Sitting with goosebumps.. Waiting for Spring to come 
around.."

Awesome............

"les filme de gerre? 
prefereur."

"Oh my. Ohmyohmyohmyohmyyyyyyyyy.

From spider to snake. Bagheera. Baloo. Shere Khan.

And wait for the whistle at the end. :D

MY CHILDHOOD JUST GOD A MAJOR REBOOT!

CAN NOT WAIT TO WATCH THIS!!!"

awwww what a cute little oogly boogly Mowgli boy.

Awesome can't wait!

the monkey face look like a big vagina at 0:51

I'm looking forward for the Bear Necessities song here. XD

OMG THE END MADE MY DAY YAS.

& All my childhood memories can back with just that one whistle.

SHUT THE FUCK UP AND TAKE ALL OF MY GODDAMN MONEY D:

"If they can make a Jungle Book movie they can make a live Tarzan film! 
YEEAHH"

WOW . . This is EPIC.

"At 1:26 Mowgli jumps out of the old temple window and the tiger paw follows 
covering the entire window. Like how big is this tiger if one paw covers 
the entire window and is bigger than Mowgli? It is a realistic animation 
but I do not think they have realistic dimensions. That tiger got to be 
huge."

YES. YES. YES.

"Woah, who could've guessed YouTube was filled with Movie FX experts! So a 
live action movie centered entirely around animals shouldn't have 
evolutionary computer effects that can project photorealistic animals to do 
whatever they want, but instead they should get a REAL tiger, bear, and boa 
constrictor and have this kid actor just suck it up and perform with them. 
Y'all are damn geniuses.
*immense sarcasm*"

"All I see is a kid running in front of a greenscreen, moviemaking has gone 
bad."

that wistle in the end reminded me everything ...

"At first I thought the snake voice was of selena gomez then i knew it was 
scarlet johnson all along"

"Great. Another classic ruined and then they wonder why people pirate 
stuff... Future generations will never learn to appreciate hard work now. 
Whats next? Are they going to turn Titanic into a technicolor? IT'S 
BACKWARDS!"

Well this is gonna suck

ha , i'm 40 and still going to see it

"Disney remakes old cartoon shit as live action but can't make Tron 3. Fuck 
them."

"Aren't they making a live action Beauty and The Beast too? Why is Disney 
doing this all of a sudden."

 _.

"Am a grown up, but expect me to watch this movie Its my tribute remembering 
my younger days."

I cant wait to see this movie

"That whistle at the end... it made me teared up. Bare Necessities, i used 
to sing it with my dad. :( I hope they'll sing it."

WOW.

"The best thing about this is in ten/twenty years time when the CGI starts 
looking crappy again, Disney can do another remake and make loads of money 
again! wahey"

They really should try and make the trailers a bit more dramatic.

"I'll stick with the Jason-Scott Lee Jungle book, at least that film had 
more verisimilitude, than this CGI orgasm."

Is anyone else wanting a Remake of The Lion King?! Or is it just me? 

faaacckkk

"This looks great, pretty impressed. This is actually pretty weird, why? 
because they're doing another Jungle Book Live action movie which is slated 
to come out in 2017. Check out the actors in it : 1.Benedict Cumberbatch 
plays Shere Khan, 2.Christian Bale plays Bagheera, 3.Cate Blanchett plays 
Kaa, 4.Andy Serkis plays Baloo, 5.Rohan Chand plays Mowgli.Really strange 
that there are two Jungle Book movies coming out one after the other, and 
this one is titled as an Origins movie."

sigh...another classic..ruined..

"I don't remember ever seeing the full cartoon jungle book movie but this 
looks amazing "

mind boggling

have seen in many thousand times versions of Darzen, and yet. im exciting

My childhood

I liked the 1996 live action version or whatever.

"All this needed was Benefactor Crumpetsnatch as Sher Kahn and it would have 
been PERFECT- but this is close enough. 9.9/10 so far, let's hope it stacks 
up to the hype"

"I am a bit disapointed that Kaa is a woman (and Scarlet Johanson), because 
he is my favorite character. I will give them a shot to see if they can 
make it work... Don't disapoint me Disney."

Finally a non-white kid

"I feel it's necessary, IMO, that Kha has a woman's voice. The serpent, evil 
character is voiced by a woman this time. Sounds a little... biblical."

"Good Movie.

- via YTPak(.com)"

too much exited for this.. well done disney..

i already want to see it

goosebumps

Am 18yrs old but am definitely watching this

This looks cool, but as I kid I've always loved Tarzan more

"should be this movie have the sprit like this trailer -> my son will shit 
in his pants, when he see this Version :D"

that's some crazy vfx

Watching this movie on shrooms 0_0

"Isn't that orangutan supposed to be on Caesar's side? Wait till he finds 
out..."

Thushara kumburegama @ mail. com

Thushara kumburegama @ mail. com

"I've still got Jungle Book on VHS. I think I'll carry on watching that one. 
This is just too real and serious looking. Do the animals even talk? Oh 
fuck off Disney, you brainwashing, confusing kids about thier sexuality 
bastards!"

Thushara kumburegama

where's the live action movie for Dumbo??

Thushara kumburegama

looks like every other cgi shit fest.....booo

I can't wait ,, i love it ....

"But this still cant beat ""Chaddhi pahan ke phool khila hai"" and so 
Americanized version of an Indian forest."

the hype for Bare necessities is more than the movie itself

Unnecessarily epic music for a movie based on a children's story.

That last part though...

finaly a jungle book movie made for adults who miss their childhood

That's a BFO! (BIG F@@k#%G ORANGUTAN!)

"Please get the same people, who voiced the hindi verion of Mowgli, to dub 
this film in Hindi.
Sher Khan witout Nana Patekars voice will just not do justice to this film."

1.37," maasti ki guudh guudhi chaiyye"

Snake is so creepy

"Hate that woman 's voice. Terrible actress. Doesn't match the snake at all. 
And Lupita is an overrated nothing."

"Why do Americans have to make Animals so scary? They turn them into 
Monsters. Always growling and snarling and wanting to kill men. So 
misleading,"

the cgi looks really good. better than avengers aou at least

Awesome man!!

oh dayum. Love the casts! Can't wait for this to be out

Looks good! Just the kid looks a little too CGI..

"I'm just curious, when did Tim Burton buy out Disney? I felt more like I 
was watching something more along the lines of Harry potter. Then there was 
into the woods... Hmmmmm."

"Can we have natural long hair of Mowgly pls.. like he had in original 
cartoon series."

Looks so shit

NOW NOW NOW -GIVE ME THIS MOVIE RIDE NOW

"This movie will be a $2-BILLION block buster and will blow away any 
Batman's movies to date including the first Avengers!"

When Kaa showed up and said "trust in me" i got chills i am so excited :)

After a long time I have sen a better trailer

thank you jon favreau

"Aww, I thought it was going to be traditional animation when I saw the 
first concept art they posted, I didn't know Disney was doing it :(."

finally a live action film from disney that's worth watching

"How the fuck could they screw up syncing Scarlet's voice to the snake's 
mouth in a trailer, seriously. It's literally the only thing talking and 
they fucked up. The rest looks amazing tho."

"What's with this action movie trailer? What kind of audience is it trying 
to lure?"

a thousand goose bumps just rammed up my ass

g

"if a real life Hercules movie is made then it better cross over with marvel 
civil war so he can he can die against robot Thor lol"

"Disney Meeting:

""You know what we should do? A live action Jungle Book movie!""
""Great idea, but what about the animals?""
""Oh, we will just do those in CGI""
""Won't they look a bit...cartoonish?""
""Yes, probably.""
""Great, so what you're saying is we should make a live action Jungle Book 
movie, that will look like a cartoon, as a remake of the old movie that was 
a cartoon?""
""Exactly!""
""Lets start filming!"""

if baloo still sings "a bears necessity" ill love it

I'm so happy because Nagini has found a new role after Harry Potter

"This trailer made me seriously need to see this, and my god I'm in love 
with their choice to have Scarlett voice Kaa. I'm really hoping they play 
off of Kaa's original character rather than as an antagonist"

"They already made a live action Jungle Book in 1994 with the guy who played 
Bruce Lee in Dragon, Cersei Lannister, Cary Elwes, and Sam Neil. And it's 
probably far better than this 95% cgi garbage recycled story. Come on, 
think of something new American filmmakers, geez."

very nice....

YESSS

"Scarlett Johansson tells me to let go of my fear so I jumped off a cliff? I 
feel like this is a Matrix moment where Morpheus tells Neo to free his mind 
and then jumps off a building except its Scarlett Johansson and my erection 
is far more compelling for me to do what she says..."

"Seeing a little kid doing all those jumps and action movements just looked 
odd to me."

I like it!

"The Lion King would make 10x the money if Disney did it in realistic CG 
like this. Make it happen Disney, it's been long over due!! :D"

"Trusssssst in me....
Already in a state of trance.."

"Live action? Ehhh no thanks. I would have preferred them to take the CG 
approach(though I do prefer hand drawn Disney over CG Disney anyday ). That 
being said, aside from live action, why the hell is it so action packed? I 
haven't watched Jungle Book in a long time so I could be wrong, but I 
remember it being more of a calm, joyful, atmospheric experience. Rather 
than it being some epic action packed movie. :/"

So King Louie is King Kong now?

"amazing ...! can't wait .!
When will it be showed..?"

"About time...still tho, i thought of this remake ages ago. Any new ideas 
HollyWood? Ur still lacking."

"The melody that sounds when the title appears, is a copy of the ""Lady in 
the water"" soundtrack."

Ehhh... so much CGI. :\

woah

"u racists act like u actually enjoy watching little sand niggers hop around 
in a jungle"

"Jesus Christ Disney! Just because Hollywood requires EVERY SINGLE FILM to 
be action packed and menacing doesn't mean you have to go and ruin one if 
the best musical films of all time. Seriously, this is the Jungle Book, not 
the bloody Texas Chainsaw Massacre! The Jungle Book is a good family film, 
don't ruin it. Please."

"Am i the only one who find the theme resembling to POTC....loved it totally 
btw..:)
PS: kaa as Scarlett Johansson...<3"

"I wasn't really sold on seeing this until the end with them floating down 
the river to the tune of 'Bare Necessities"". THAT is the type of movie this 
should be. I hope it's not going for the ""epic, action packed"" type of 
thing. It would be sweet and nostalgic if it was a coming of age film like 
the animated movie. The tone of the ending scene in this trailer is perfect 
but I wonder if the rest of the movie is like that."

oh my fucking fuck, yas

At least the kid is Indian!!

Wowwwwww , Mongly is back , also my chilhood... yeppieeeeee :D

Jon Faverau... as in the guy who directed swingers?

OMFG THIS LOOKS AMAZING

"Since when was the jungle book an epic adventure? Last time I checked it 
was a fun movie to make your toddler shut up."

Cgi so bad I thought this was a game that came out in 2007

"You folks do realise that The Jungle Book was a serious adult novel before 
it was adapted into a children's animated feature? Looks like they want to 
basically remake it with that serious tone in mind. I'll confess I haven't 
read the Rudyard Kipling novel but I seriously doubt there were whimsical 
music numbers in the original."

Looks like all animals are cgi, no puppets at all? I'm disappointed..

Name of song in the trailer?

"Step 1: Level of Interest while watching Teaser: Interested
Step 2: Heard Scarlett Johansson's voice... PASS on the Movie.
Step 3: BILL FUCKING MURRY!? - Zombieland Quote
Step 4: I have to see this movie now! #ItsBillFuckingMurry
Step 5: Did I say, ""BILL FUCKING MURRY!"" yet?"

Is Christopher Walken doing the voice of Baloo? I would pay to see that!!

how many days later release the movie?

"i could recognise Scarlett Johanssons voice even if she was speaking under 
water, love it"

"Why the fuck is Lupita Nyong'o in the film? Do animals in an Indian forest 
have an African accent now? Blackwash political correctness much?"

The cgi is really obvious in this...

bc!! cool!!

This looks really lame.

wow this looks insane

"I don't think I ever been more excited for a kids movie that isn't 
animated."

"Not the kind of movie you would bring your kids to, apparantly...they would 
be scared shitless by that tiger"

lol the end :)

sha ji ba wan yi!!! fack!! cao !!!!!!

"Bill Murray is baloo and Christopher Walken is King Louis . Wtf Louis Prima 
is to be played by Christopher Walken?"

i downvoted this

Wow.

King Kong Louie? XD

They made a Kaa a women????

I thought Christian Bale would be giving voice for Sher Khan.

sorry but CGI is not real life...

"Movie based on animated movie has too much animation. Ooookay what? stfu 
you crybabies."

What a great movie for pedophiles

"Wow that's ironic. I've been listening to ""I wanna be like you"" a bunch 
lately."

There's no orang utan in India

That looks incredible .....

mougli just went to a whole new level!!! trailer looks fabulous

Tarzan looks fucking great.

Like most from Disney is it stolen stories.



"Wow this looks incredible, I hope it's as good as everyone thinks it's 
going to be!"

CGI Lion King next pls :)

Tommy Chong should do the voice of Baloo.

OH BOY! CGI!

This is not what I expected. Mind Blown.

Big deal just normal kid's life in India

Where are the wolves though???

"Uh,

Not sure what to write, so here's a quote instead:

""Cogito ergo sum"""

ummm...........Damn !!! .where is the 5 star rating option for trailer !!!

I cannot wait!

"i hate maleficent, i am not going to watch cinderella (2015)
but i like this trailer it look like a great adventure movie, also scarlett 
isnt convince me as kaa."

"*yawn*...still waiting for the Aladdin live action remake.....

...or are we not ready for that yet? ya...thats probably it "

The CGI looks incredible. That water!

NICE

"They already did a live action Jungle Book in the early to mid 90's. It 
wasn't bad. Although, special effects have come a long way since so I can 
only imagine this will be better."

This better have some humor or else they're just going to kill my childhood

Another remake. I guess Hollywood has run out of fresh ideas.

"EVERYONE PLEASE GO LIKE/WATCH ""UNTOUCHED"" BY THE 
VERONICAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

"I'm not so bothered about most the live action remakes they are making but 
I'd love to see a live action version of Aladdin."

Walken better play King Louie

Why is King Louie xbox huge?

Scarlett Johanson

They had better not mess up my bear necessities.

The snake sounds alot like

"Not gunna lie but when I saw this the jungle book in my feed I thought Well 
this will suck and after seeing the trailer it still sucks"

I must admit the live action version looks much more interesting.

mowgli at its best.. #90s rocks...

"Did anyone ask for this? I didn't. This is what happens when a studio runs 
dry of new content"

woww beautiful!

"Are you alone out here? What are you doing so deep in the jungle? Don't you 
know what you are? I know what you are. I know where you came from. Poor 
sweet little cub , I'll keep you close. Let go of your fear now and 
trusssssssssssst in me."

Isn't this child porn?

"Hm. Live action. Sort of speak, being mostly cgi. Interesting adaptation, I 
wouldn't have imagined this working as a live action film. We'll see how it 
works out."

Try having an original concept you schmucks!.

I'll stick with the original and the book thanks.

"NO NO NO!
Why so much CGI. This could have been a practical effects and animatronic 
dreamland."

This looks very bad CGi-wise, I'm sad :/

Cant wait for the inevitable tailspin spin off.

This looks more like the Amazon than an Indian jungle..

"But the old animated movie has so much ""not Planet of the Apes"" feels :(

...some Fettuccine Alfredo sounding good right now..."

"Bagheera is not messing around in this one O_o took on shere Khan without 
hesitation"

bagheera fighting shere khan? impossible! that might be a wild cat fight!!

"I'm actually a little choked that they are doing this. there is no need for 
a remake, the original was great. I hope this doesn't become a thing with 
all older Disney movies."

Hype level: Over 9000

what I want to know is...WHO is voicing WHO??



mowgli is back with baloo

na

no bear necessities??! -__-

"WOW Looks Epic.
I am surprised they didn't make him a white girl.
Also hoping they go for the original ending of the book."

"I'd rather watch Jungle Book from 1994...and YES, it was live action & 
wasn't really for small children Ahhh the 90s did it ALL already, kids."

Disney dares to call this a live action movie.

"I can't wait for this!! A remake of one of my all time favorite Disney 
classics, and it looks so good!!!"

Fantastic!

"Same clown different circus movie. Not anything special by any means. Sorry 
Walter Elias Disney -- you were great though; these people that run your 
enterprise -- not nearly as much. It's sad that someone could work so hard 
trying to make something great, and finally make it, but in the final last 
years only had it good -- handing all that one earned to others who take 
advantage of a brand name that was once the hallmark called Walter Elias 
Disney. Fact: Mr. Disney went bankrupt several times surviving on just 
beans from cans at one point."

"Seems like there's some inconsistencies in the comments. So many thumbs up, 
but everyone's immediately assuming in the comments that the film will be 
crap. ""Oh it's all CGI, how stupid"" or ""why don't they just mess up all the 
other animated films with a CGI remake?"" Dear God people can't you just 
enjoy the movie, even if it doesn't become the smash hit the original was? 
I've seen just as much hate when the freakin' 'recolored' version of Beauty 
and the Beast came out, like it was somehow such an atrocity to film 
making."

ermahgerd! der jangle berk!!

"Why did they choose to make Kaa a female? Ugh. Looks like another Disney 
disappointment. Hopefully Beauty and the Beast will at least be decent, but 
probably not. *sigh*"

pretty cool they used real animals for the movie and didn't use CGI

mawkliii 

great

great

Anooooooother one?! :-(

Auoooooo ooooo oooooo lililililililiilliliiiilil~~

This isn't the Jungle Book I remember.

waiting :)

no mms

I Freaked On The "Bare Necessities" Part. THIS IS GONNA BE EPIC!

Definitely watching this I like the book and I wanna watch this movie

"baloo :* jus whistling made the untrumped card and did i hear the pirate of 
caribbean music at 1:30 :P awssumm movie ever"

looks very promising, don't disappoint us like Hercules or TMNT...

"It's interesting to note where Disney took inspiration from their own 
animated Tarzan adaptation [0:54]. I hope this turns out as well as the 
1994 live-action Jungle Book, whichwhile a loose adaptationwas an 
excellent film."

Chills

"Not gonna lie, I'm not looking forward to this movie. The original Jungle 
Book was all family oriented and happy and stuff. But this looks the 
complete opposite. But this is just my opinion so please don't hate on it."

looks like a remake of mowghli.but better!

"Not gonna lie, I'm not looking forward to this movie. The original Jungle 
Book was all family oriented and happy and stuff. But this looks the 
complete opposite. But this is just my opinion so please don't hate on it."

I love how it isn't too realistic!! The magic is still here!

"Thx disney...thx. Btw we KNOW story behind this movie but thx..... Now CAN 
WE HAVE STAR WARS TRAILER?!?!?!?!?!"

So fake why would a kid talk to a lion and not get eaten

The last whistle scene made this trailer 10x better

"WHY AM I EXCITED 
TITS!"

Honestly, I was expecting Prophet to show up...

"OH IT'S MOWGLI !"

Look for *"the bare necessities"* of life...

"Most of the trailer looks far too serious unlike the animated movie. Not 
very interested although that might change."

This movie have a book

"I'm kind of dubious, bur the cast seems amazing, and that stampede looks 
like this'll be going back to the source material."

"In case you weren't tired of all the CG saturated modern films, here, have 
some more!!"

Will this also be a musical?

THIS LOOKS AWESOME

This sounds like a thrilling movie to watch! I'm in!

Geez! They didn't hold back on the CGI at all. Looks to fake actually

The whistle!!!

"why is john Goodman not in it ? doesn't he do the bear in the original ? or 
am I drunk again ?"

This looks bad a$$....

CGI crapfest

Follow me on snapchat for all the new Disney updates @josephacosta90

"Disney has a horrible reputation for live action films. I won't say the 
movie looks bad or good, but I have my doubts about it. I hope disney 
doesn't screw up another cartoon film to live action adaptation."

I. CAN. NOT. WAIT!!!!!!!!

"https://www.facebook.com/HdpNewYork sayfamz beenmenizi bekliyoruz 
hewalno spas..."

grt pics I c this movie

"Thank you for ruining another classic, Disney. I can't wait to see what 
mess you made of beauty and the beast... 
Then again, since Walt died all you guys have cared about is making money, 
not magic. Just another way to make new Cinderella, Jungle book, Mulan, etc 
merchandise because Frozen did so well and sold SO MUCH merchandise. People 
were beating each other for limited edition dolls. Honestly, though, the 
Cinderella merch didn't sell well at all after the hype. Almost everything 
is on clearance. Ugh. That ugly butterfly dress. -.- Can you just stop? 
Please? And don't do this to Bambi......................"

This looks really bad

I luba monhey boke.. e I e I o

what is the name of the soundtrack at 1:29?

"haring about this made me go meh, but watching the trailer had me like, O_O 
when is it coming out?"

nomaY ub tkin 2 massif?

another dark version of a Disney classic? no thanks

Wasn't a fan of the animated film but I want to see this NOW.

"Mkay... This trailer looks dank and awesome. But what was wrong with the 
original in order for them to make a remake? Just thowin it out there..."

"Are they just going to make every single Disney animated movie into live 
action?"

Oh how awesome would a Tarzan in this format be ? Well itd be pretty

"Ummmm...totally didn't expect this to to be made into a live action 
movie...but srsly, aren't there better Disney movies out there to be made 
live action than Jungle Book?"

India!

awesome ........ my favorite cartoon coming out as a movie

"I caan't belieeve it. Christophher Waalken aas an oraangataan. That's 
craazy."

mhoy

mlad

this looks amazing

mush

When will these meat sacks ever get bored of their slave masters recycling?

When will Disney start releasing 3D Blu-rays in the U.S. again?

"Something tells me this isn't going to be a musical.  I can't imagine that 
bear they showed singing and dancing.  More like mauling and killing......"

juzt mKe a mogie dny fka bouta.. serioz 2 mny mand shyt



"King Louie looks more like King Kong.
and SJ playing Kaa is stupid."

What is the song that plays when "The Jungle Book" title appears?

"Yea I agree real animals will not work with this film. I think the cgi 
looks good."

Ooooooh yeah bring on the Bare nessesities!!!!!!!!!!!

check my page

Haters gonna hate

If it ain't broke Disney...

BALOO UN LOCO

Fake, Jungle's aren't real, Disney what are you doing?

the whistle at the end gives me ALL THE CHILLS

"I mean, they didn't have to bring it back to life. They could've reanimate 
it or make the characters cartooney in 3d like monsters inc. It doesn't 
even look like a childrens movie at this point lol. Looks freaking cool 
though."

nearly cried when I reacted to this.This was long over do.

I cant wait to watch this and see Christopher Walken's take on King Louie.

"Will it still be a musical. I need King Louie singing his song about fire 
to be in this."

"Not a fan of them making Kaa a female. Otherwise, the trailer and animation 
are fantastic."

Baloo's song !!!!

It's going to be a musical

"The animated series was one of my fond childhood memories. Sunday mornings 
with Mowgli, Bagheera, Kaa.. Hope this retains that magic"

Bagera is like Batman!

"Because classics are not classics till they are remade 300 times , In every 
format possible because we didn't run out of ideas ,but namesake makes more 
money"

"The tone looks a tad more serious than what I was expecting. I've heard 
that the movie will have songs though, and written by one of the brothers 
who wrote songs for the original! That gives me hope that it will still be 
as fun as the original animated movie... not that I don't like Kaiju King 
Louie.

Also: ELEPHANTS!! Please tell me Hathi will be in this movie! And PLEASE 
tell me he will be voiced by Stephen Fry."

"I love all the uninformed comments who dont seem to understand its a book, 
and was a live action film well before Disney butchered it with their 
asinine musical version."

"Big ? On this, the original cartoon was very well made and the voices where 
on point, lets see what they do"

Ok... seriously? ok... #fuckdisney

Damn that's a great cast

Wouldnt be too trusting of a talking snake!!

"Nope. More excited about Andy Serkis' ""Jungle Book: Origins"", and more 
excited about that cast."

I like the cartoon better

The vultures should sound like the beetles

DAMN LOOKS GOOD

"I'm going to say 2 things. God this movie is going to suck and this sound 
like a trailer for a horror movie."

"""Look for the, bear necessities. The simple bear necessities..."" I'll be 
singing that all week."

Seriously can't wait for this!

My body is ready.

"Why do ppl hate the cgi. It looks amazing, and they have a bit to edit it a 
bit."

"Looks really good but needs a bit more joy and less action to make it the 
real jungle book experience"

"Reminds me of ""Life of Pi"" almost. *Power is the disease. Care is the Cure.*
"

Looks like a video game.

"I wish they had a similar voice to Sterling Holloway for Kaa. I know he's 
dead, but they could have tried a bit better. His voice was absolutely 
perfect for Kaa. Now Kaa is just kind of seductive, and not at all ""evil""."

"Fucking bullshit scarlet Johnson as the snake they should've put the guy 
who voiced the cat in Alice in wonderland"

"I want more drawn Disney movies.
pls"

"Disney. Always attempting to remake the films we grew up with and mold it 
into a live action disappointment."

That little "Bare Necessities" tune at the end was a very nice touch.

You had me at Christoper Walken

"The ""Bagheera vs Shere Khan"" scene in this trailer looks very entertaining. 
They need to make a live action lion king too. Just imagine how ""Simba vs 
Scar"" would turn out :D Make it happen! I'll wait for that DISNEY! :D"

Forget star wars,this is now my new obsession.

"They are making this shit?....sure rehash everything instead of making tron 
3 fml"

Why does the child look so uncanny?

"All I can say is ~ 
*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!*
"

"I don't like how Disney tries to make everything epic, the Jungle Book is 
not supposed to be an action movie."

Keep it animated or keep it away from me.

"Wait wait wait, Scarlett Johanson doesn't sound like a gay British snake. 
Also I see no white seal or the bear necessities song so no. Just no. No no 
no."

Wait shouldn't the python was male..???

awesome

My Wiener is beyond excited.

disney just got gritty af

"they list all these actors that we don't see in the trailer, but who plays 
the kid?"

"I need a live action of Disney's Tarzan with Jake Gylenhall as Tarzan and 
Emilia Clarke as Jane."

"indians are waiting for this movie since past decade.......this is gonna be 
best family movie ever."

They did this before little mermaid

Time to order my tickets.

"""Look for the bare necessities
The simple bear necessities"" .........
wowww...and we TRUUSSSSST that this movie is gonna be awesome :D"

"PLEASE CHECKOUT OUR VIDEOS AND MAKE SURE TO LIKE AND SUBSCRIBE IF 
INTERESTED! THANKS!"

why the fuck is king louie a kaiju

"This looks like an incredible interpretation of Kipling's stories. It 
appears to capture the more savage, animalistic nature of the characters, 
while still maintaining glimmers of the animated Disney film. I feel the 
use of CGI in this film was absolutely correct, and it appears to have been 
done very tastefully. Definitely pumped to see this one!"

OMG! Can't wait to watch :) :) :) :) :) :) :) Wohhhhhhhaa

"Since disney is running out of ideas every movie in the franchise will be 
remade because the don't give a rats ass"

"The ONLY disappointment that I have with this is that it (according to the 
IMDb page) completely destroys what I realize were actually rumors about 
Benedict Cumberbatch voicing Shere Khan. Oh well, Idris Elba is definitely 
a second best. Brings some TMNT 2012 Shredder vibes, if I do say so myself.

Oh, and the minute that I confirmed Christopher Walken as the voice of King 
Louie? *FUCK. YES.* Here's to hoping the revamped version of I Wanna Be 
Like You sends both chills and groovy vibes with how epically it'd be 
performed."

The bare necessities at the end 

"There is another jungle book movie coming out in 2017, I'm more excited for 
that one because it has 
BENEDICT *FUCKING* CUMBERBATCH AS SHERE KHAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! nuff said!"

Now all we need is the Beauty and The Beast live action trailer

love the little Bare Necessities at the end :)

well is baloo gonna speak oR is he just gonna be a real bear? : (

CGI is going to make me feel really high but it does look interesting.

Oh my goodness. Could be great.

"Didn't Disney had a live action of the Jungle Book in the 90s where they 
used real animals"

I'll see it maybe.

The better sing THE song!!!

The jungle book + The life of pi + reality check = The jungle book 2016

They seem to forgot Christian Bale in the credits

*softly screams loudly*

WHAT EVEN IS THIS HONESTLY

"NO STOP WHAT ARE YOU DOING
STAAAAHHHP"

Am I the only one who rewinded just to sing with the whistle?

"Wish I had been taken to a jungle aged 2months.....life seems to be more 
fun! "

IM SOOOO SEEING THIS!! OH SHIT. IM EXCITED.

1:35 GAVE ME GOOSEBUMPS...NOSTALGIA OVERLOAD!

Wow this looks really good

"WAIT did i just saw a kid running for a 9 feet monkey!? Is this the classic 
jungle book of King kong remake??
1:25"

hahaha I see even Disney is out of fresh new idea's

"It looks a bit serious for my taste, but I'll consider it. I remember 
loving the musical aspect of it and the humour more than the actual 
conflict, so I hope it's more like that."

Blue backstroking down river = sold

"I can't imagine this topping the live action Disney version from the 90s. I 
just can't. Does anyone here even remember the epicness that is that movie? 
And none of it is CGI!"

MY CHILDHOOD. Mowgli my boy

I'm excited for this!

LIFE OF PI 2: THE LION, THE MONKEY AND THE KID

"I'm excited 
XD"

Rape all childhood memories with CGI messes

omg omg

This is either going to be good or just full of CG animals.

"OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG. 

INCREDIBLES 2, JUNGLE BOOK!! BEAUTY AND THE BEAST... what is lifeeee"

So Kaa is villian and no wolves in this trailer... Not watching this movie

too legit to quit amirite

Still waiting for more bear necessities

Scarlett Johansson as Kaa!!? What it #?

Anyone else still waiting on a civil war trailer?

Are the temples same to Cambodia's ones?

Kiwi

Director of Iron Man and Scarlett Johansson as Kaa? ..SIGN ME UP!

"I grew up with the 1967 Disney version and it was classic. Trusssssst in 
me, trussssssst in me just doesn't have the same effect with a woman's 
voice. Maybe a gay guy would work better. John Goodman would make a great 
Baloo and Jeremy Irons would make a superb Shere Khan but he's already done 
Scar in Lion King. Oh, almost forgot, Anthony Hopkins as Bagheera."

Kiwi

take my money!

"Not gonna lie I was doubting this movie and thought it would be terrible, 
but this trailer completely changed my mind. It looks amazing and now I 
really wanna see it. I loved the original so i'm hoping its faithful to the 
original but still has some unique things to it."

"Me being a Fan of the original must say it looks impressive. That's my 
opinion of course."

"They better not fuck this up though I think they might have cause this 
looks way to serious"

The hype is real

The hype is REAL

rittoasianmeow

I taught it will be musical HAHAHAHA!

Holy shit ttt

this looks fantastic

I just KNEW the voiceover would turn out to be Kaa!

Looks good!

"Really Black Widow is the voice of the snake? Apparently the casting 
director never saw the original cartoon."

"Dang, the moment you realize Scarlett Johansson is the snake like halfway 
through! This looks pretty good!"

"Honestly this looks really good! 
Out of all the live action movie adaptations that they've done so far, I 
think this one will turn out to be the crowning jewel in their experimental 
period with live action remakes. 
It looks darker, grittier, and a fun adventure ride for everyone to enjoy. 
If we really have faith in Disney, I think we should at least give this 
film a try before we pass final judgement. 
Personally speaking however, I'm looking forward to watching this film when 
it comes out in theaters. :)"

gritty remake jungle book

Hahahah! What the fuck? This is fucking dumb.

My childhood...Must see!

Whats the whistle song in the end???

looks... awful.

"I liked how in the original they made Kaa seem deceptively small by rarely 
showing his (or, her now, I guess..) head connected to the rest of his long 
body.  I hope they do something similar in this movie."

"This is one film that shouldn't be switched from cartoon. All the other 
ones I understand where their market lies but this one is just ... 
ridiculous."

Looks awesome! Can't wait to see it!

"This looks amazing. To others, of course most of the movie will be CGI 
based on he subject matter. It looks amazing for being a movie mostly made 
out of CGI. They probably haven't worked it all out to want they want yet. 
I bet the closer we get to the movie release the better the CGI will look. 
A lot like Universal did with Jurassic World."

"Initially, it looked too ""dark"" and realistic. The very end with baloo 
whistling my favorite Disney song ever sold me."

"Holy crap those CGI animals look so fake. What's up with movies nowadays? 
Shouldn't they be getting better?"

"I just want to watch the original Disney version. The only good Disney 
movie.... :)"

it gona be a gr8 movi ..................

ssssscarlet johanssssson?

Why not a live action Gargoyles?

animated one would be more entertaining

"Superb,,...one more mild stone from the Iron man & Pirates of Carebian 
team...best of luck"

"I cant wait to see the stoned out vultures cracking jokes and just figuring 
out ""what they wanna do."""

And then they'll make Mulan and my life will be complete

"Can't wait for Jungle Book Origins directed by Andy Serkis. It has a 
amazing cast"

Can you whoop that tiger?

Damnnnnn. Looks Epic as Epic-ness should look like 

Wasn't "Kaa" a male python?

I watched this movie so much my mom had to hide my VHS. Can Not Wait!

"Is it just me or did the teaser seem even more badass as soon as it said 
director of Iron Man"

"What I wonder is how they will make the bears and Mowgli sing Bare 
Necessities together..."

tarzan might be a better choice than this one

yay time for a toaster bath

Guess Disney is running out of ideas.

That bear better sing about mangos

"Favorite Jungle book is the one with real people. I don't know any of the 
actors names, but its got the chick who was the queen on 300, the guy from 
Monty python, and the guy from princess bride"

Scarlet Johansson sounds sexy as hell

i hope they sing the bare necessities in the film

So is Kaa going to be a good guy this time?

"You guys have no idea...I did shot designs and previs for Kaa and King 
Louie.... There is some seriously insane stuff still to come."

"Regardless, it will be very hard to make a movie that will match the 
cartoon Jungle Book, but this has peaked my interest. only question why is 
Kaa voiced by Scarlett Johansson, not that I'm complaining, just slightly 
unsettled."

What a career Fav's has had.

"BILL MURRAY, BLACK WIDOW, AWESOME CGI, AWESOME ACTION, ONE MORE AND I'LL 
SEE IT! 
*logo appears*
OK It look great
*Bare Necessities Music Plays and trailer ends*
SON OF A THEY GOT ME AGAIN WHEN WILL I WAKE UP"

The whistle at the end just set the tone for the hype

just saw my childhood die a little bit

Rule 34. Make it happen

The best khan - sssssshere khan! haha :D

"I subscribed, just so I could then unsubscribe!
That is how enraged this makes me!!"

"Looks awesome and thank you Disney for not casting a random generic white 
boy."

Whoa! Now it got me interested on that movie.

"So in the book the snake is actually a good guy who tries to protect Mowgli 
instead of eating him.... any idea if the ""trust in me"" bit in here is 
sincere then? Or are they basing it off their original film(s)? Also are 
all the animals going to be speaking?"

"Disney no me deja madurar.
No s, la burla"

Looking for "I Wanna Be Like You" musical number

Ah, Scarlett Johannson plays Kaa that makes sence

Bitch, when am I getting HERCULES?

....

"I guess Disney's money for Star Wars Spin-offs has to come from 
somewhere......so why not with another hyped up adaptation bound to be 
nothing like the original? lol"

"How'd King Louie get to be so HUGE? Come to think of it, why are ALL the 
animal characters exaggerated in size? I understand that the purpose of 
bringing them to life through CGI is to heighten their anthropomorphism. 
But to me, from what I'm seeing, they could have kept all the animal 
characters at the size their real-life counterparts are. I doubt that if 
they did that, it would diminish anything about them. But that's just me 
talking.

One thing that's pleasing me about this so far is Scar-Jo's vocal 
performance alone as KAA the snake! So seductive and alluring! Now I'm 
looking forward to more so I can hear how the rest of the cast does as the 
other animals. "

If they don't sing bear necessities this would have all been for nothing.

"Ugh... another classic Disney movie ruined.. the special effects make it 
look cheap and awful. Com'mon, nothing beats the original! It looks like 
the fun from the 1967 version has been sucked right out of the remake."

I just love it, I'm about to cry. The cast seems glorious @_@

This better not be shit.

amazing!!

"I'm still having trouble believe this was all done in green screen on a 
studio, this is some serious new ground Disney is breaking and I sure hope 
it delivers because it looks simply beautiful, I got chills just watching 
it"

CGI Extravaganza!

TELL ME THE SECRET OF MANS RED FIRE

"I hope they're a bit more faithful to Kipling this time around. Also, be 
sure to look for the Soviet-Era animation of The Jungle Books lurking on 
YouTube. It's pretty interesting!"

that snake though

this looks fire

Scarlett Johanssonn's narration sounds like a JOI video lol

I SEE NO FLAWS IM IN LOVE

"Nice to see they cast a kid of indian descent even if he is actually an 
american kid. It helps add some authenticity."

So Im guessing Lion king on its way?

Did Disney make Kaa female? What?

if this movie isn't made just right it's going to suck

:O me quede sin palabras, LOOKING FORWARD!!!

Going to go watch the original now!! Agh excited!

*A Bugs Life* done like this, thats my shit right there;)

woW............SuperB

There's a snake in my ******

"Am I the only one bothered by the fact that Baloo looks like a Grizzly bear 
when this is supposed to take place in India?"

One word... Whoa!!!

Directed by Michael Bay

"STOP TRYING TO KILL OFF YOUR ANIMATED CLASSICS YOU FUCKTARDS.
(Thank you <3)"

This looks awesome, the perfect blend of reality and fantasy.

They made the characters a little to scary , this isn't Indiana jones

"For all you TeamFourStar Dragon Ball Z Abridged fans
Dat moment when you remember Vegeta as a Giant Ape asking Goku What's the 
opposite of Christopher Walken? CHRISTOPHER REEVES!
Christopher Walken is the voice of King Louie as you see a giant Ape 
himself"

Kaa is a HE not a SHE

Wow

Ok Disney stop, just stop it, ugh.

this gave me goosebumps

SUCH EXCITE. WHAT CHILDHOOD.

"This looks pretty good, I loved the cartoon and I'm actually looking 
forward to seeing this:)"

OHMAHGAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHDDDDDDDDD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

"I wasn't going to be interested in this, but god dammit Christopher 
Walken's in this so I guess I have to watch it."

NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!

OMG!!!!!!

That whistle at the end made me shiver, flash back central

shit looks like a life of pi ripoff

I came.

looks interesting

my child hood

"OHMIGODHOLYFUCK THIS LOOKS WAY BETTER THAN IT SHOULD BE PLEASE YES THE 
EXCITEMENT IS SURPRISINGLY REAL RIGHT NOW"

Somehow I miss Robin Williams when I watched this trailer. [Jumanji]

"Come on Scarlett Johanson!!!! I love how they made Kaa from a male voice to 
a female voice and for some reason Scarlett Johanson was the ideal voice! 
I'll be the first to admit I'm not a huge black widow fan, but she is going 
to RULE this part. She gave me the the desire I didn't know I wanted until 
now."

Guess who's going to be joining the avengers next...

"The Jungle Book is now... EXTREME!!!!!!!! Dark and brooding! Nothing can be 
fun anymore!!!"

"All these CGI whiners can go suck a dick. If it's a good story, its a good 
story."

I have goosebumps

"@ 1:21
Yup, I could totally see them reuse the stampede scene for a live action 
version of ""The Lion King.""
Not to mention, a lot of the jungle scenes could get reused for a live 
action version of ""Tarzan"" as well."

"Just go into not thinking it is it's own movie. That's what I did with Game 
of Thrones, just thought of it as it's own thing and not related to the 
books."

The last film did walt , hope his spirit returns to take revenge .

"Too much epicness now. Whel the world is more hard and cynical since the 
cartoon adaption."

Is Bill Murray voicing a groundhog?

"Me watching this:
huh, i don't remember a female character in this movie...which animal is 
getting a gender switch for the remake...hmmm who could it be...

oh holy fucking shit! why wasn't there a trigger warning? WHY WASN'T THERE 
A TRIGGER WARNING?!"

"Here come all the CGI hater comments. Like Seriously! If real animals were 
used in this film then everyone would be commenting ""ANIMAL ABUSE, STOP 
USING ANIMALS FOR ENTERTAINMENT"". Also training animals to do all these 
stunts would be nearly impossible. If you hate CGI then go make a movie w/o 
CGI and don't watch Star Wars this December because it to also has CGI, 
just about every movie released in the past few yrs have used CGI 
regardless of complexity. I for one am looking forward to this movie just 
like every other Disney fan and praise the animators and special affect 
artist from Disney for bringing our childhood to life, it ain't easy making 
CGI movies."

All aboard the Dawn Patrol!

I don't think I saw Baloo or heated him

"HEY! Would you look at that?! The actor is not a white kid! HAHAHA!! Good 
job."

Just recognized everything then first time I watched the trailer

"dont be fooled by the dark tone. the D23 trailer was a million times more 
lighthearted and even had singing!"

Oh my fuck!! I'm gonna cryyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!@@!#!@##$%#%U(*&%(*$@&%

KAA!! OMG KAA!!! O_O

Can't wait to see it.

THE HYYYYYYYYYYYYYPPPPE IS REEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAL!!!

Jeeeeeeez how big is king Louie?????

This has a whole lot of Baloo jumping away from things

"Kaa as a non-comedic female? Damn it disney, you gone already f*cked it up. 
Good job."

Wow okay you guys can do this in live action but not Tarzan?

isn't bill murray dead?

I don't recall Kaa being female. Also, King Louie is King Kong now.

"what happened to the cheerful bear necessities and whatnot, this looks like 
transformers and planet of the apes shit all over a children's story"

What, no wolves? :(

im so excitedfor this movie its crazy

"What the ****, I thought jungle book was about singing, where did all this 
intense action and suspense come from?
Looks like I missed something... *""Goes back to reread Jungle Book""*"

"The version with Jason Scott Lee is way much better. It's closer to the 
classic cartoon. This is overkill. Trying too hard."

One of my favourite games as a kid! now comes to the big screen!

doooooooooooood

Ok what is cgi?

Thank you for not casting a white boy!

Im so excited and at the same time terribly worried.

"So to be honest, I was WAY skeptical about Disney remaking the Jungle Book- 
cause honestly hearing that they are remaking the Jungle Book into live 
action is about as ridiculous as hearing Disney is remaking Mary Poppins. 
Or hearing that a studio is remaking Jumanji EVEN THOUGH ROBIN WILLIAMS IS 
DEAD. And Hollywood should stay away from the Classics. Take for example 
Ferris Buller's Day Off. Fantastic movie? YES. Should it be remade? NO. I 
was super skeptical about hearing of Disney's new era of live action 
remakes.... Some make sense and sound amazing/ are amazing (Cinderella, 
Beauty and the Beast. Hell, even Mulan) Some don't (Jungle Book, Mary 
Poppins) But seeing this trailer makes me excited.... And gives me hopes 
they are not going to trash the classics. I guess all I can say is Job Well 
Done Disney. Maybe you guys DO know what the hell you're doing. This is 
only the trailer and it looks EPIC. Casting well done. CGI, well done. 
Overall feel of the movie? Not the same as the original, but in a good way. 
I'm excited to see this dark take on the Jungle Book. It's nice to see that 
you guys aren't following the Cinderella live remake of just ripping off 
the orginal one. I'm not saying Cinderella was bad, in fact I LOVED IT, But 
I was worried that all the remakes were just going to be generic. Some of 
the remakes should follow the original to a tee (Cinderella probably 
would've have been bad instead of iconic without it. Yes the movie had a 
few twists but overall? It follows the original. Sill adore it though) and 
some should take more creative licence. I guess this trailer gives me hope 
for the rest of the live remakes. I'm glad Disney is being original and 
trying new things, and it makes me super optimistic for Disney future. Now 
if you could just talk to Pixar........ #sequelfactory"

"1) I feel like Disney isn't take the time and effort to recreate what made 
many of our childhood so great (2 the dark and gritty mood of this movie is 
insane, wasn't the jungle book nice and wholesome, 3) stay away from the 
lion king, its perfect the way it is"

"My inner child squealed so high I think it woke the neighbors. 

They had better include the vultures."

no No NO! DISNEY DONT YOU DARE DO THIS TO MY CHILDHOOD

"Thank God for the Bare Necessities (quite possibly my favorite Disney song 
of all time) is in this film in some capacity. This looks really cool and 
Mowgli looks like he stepped right out of the classic animated film into 
live action. I'm so nostalgic for the original film and this looks to be in 
the spirit of it while simultaneously being its own thing."

When a trailer gives you a boner

this looks sweet

oh fuck is that a dinosaur

The boy just does't seems right...........

Awesome I love the trailer I can't wait when it comes out

So this is Tarzan?

"WHY WHY WHY DISNEY??? Why must the cash grabbing continue? Just get some 
original ideas for once! The Jungle Book isn't King Kong!"

THIS FUCKING EPIC ....now join my hype train

Is that Scarjo's voice or am I just stiff in the pants for no reason?

Well if Scarlett was going for Hypnotic she certainly succeeded.

"I hope they stay true to the story and don't think that the cinematics and 
special effects alone will sell the movie. I'm excited though!"

**

DISNEY WHAT THE FUCK WE WANT STAR WARS WE WANT STAR WARS

"the D23 trailer was way too different it was more family friendly lol. and 
they had the song playing also. it didn't look as dark as this"

"www.paidverts.com/ref/alexcloud para ganar dolares virtuales desde la casa, 
te pagan por tu tiempo viendo paginas publicitadas, mas informacion 
contactame respondiendo el mensaje, 

to win dollars from the computer, easy and fast, i wish you the best luck 
here"

"1:26 WTF does that giant paw/hand belong to? It is so big... It has fingers 
like a primate, and the 1:20 face looks like it too. I don't remember there 
being a giant primate in The Jungle Book?"

Holy peppers! This looks visually stunning!

Their better be singing and dancing this movie or I'm going to pissed

I'm usually not on the re-make train, but I'll take The Jungle Book.

awesome I love jungle book it just the bear nessesitites! !!

How exciting!!!

The internet is going to have a field day with the new Kaa.

Huh.

"You know what you are? You're like a big bear with claws and with fangs. 
... And you're looking at your claws and you're looking at your fangs. And 
you're thinking to yourself - You don't know what to do, man!"

1:27 FUCK THAT *CHORD PROGRESSION*!!!

this looks kinda awesome

Get Hyped or get fukt!

Scarlett Johannsson? Fine. Take my money. This better be good.

That final scene..... So damn cute

"I don't give a fuck about this Disney. I already saw the animated version 
of the Jungle Book back when I was 3 years old I don't need to relive my 
childhood with a live action version at the age of 20. Release a new 
trailer for the Force Awakens or a teaser trailer to Marvel's Civil War."

They made it an action movie?!?! Seriously where was baloo in that?!?

Well that was epic....

OK NOW I WANT A LIVE ACTION TARZAN MOVIE!!!

scarlet johanson againnnnnnn

this is "Life of Pi" on steroids

"http://www.gofundme.com/momssurprise
Please take time to view this, any help would be greatly appreciated! God 
Bless!"

This is so awesome I can't wait to see it

why is this kid always running?

Who would win a fight, King Louie or Mighty Joe Young?

three letters C G and I!

"i still have the original VHS copy of this. im alrdy 28 yrs old and still, 
this is my shit!
P.S. that whistle at the end brings back so much memory that i want to 
punch ninjas cutting onions!!"

"did i miss it or did they not even credit the name of the boy who plays 
Mowgli in the actual trailer probably since he's not a big time star? (i 
only see it in the description)"

please dont suck

"My childhood cartoon show memories coming 
back"

black widow gave me a boner

If the animals aren't singing like they didn't in Cinderella, I'm suing.

looks pretty good. :D

Id rather see tarzan

I swear to fucking god Baloo better fucking talk or this movie is trash.

I'M STILL WAITING FOR POCAHONTAS TO GET A LIVE ACTION. 

yaaaaaaaaaaaaaas

Childhood memories coming back - god I am getting old help me

"Pretty sure they were gonna call this movie.... ""Book"" like the lazy title 
""Pan"" for Peter Pan"

Where are the wolves???

Fucking knew Scarlett was gonna be in it.

"Why is this disliked for this is no different it's the same story that you 
grew up on duh what's the problem and it looks good"

Hope it has the music. PLEASE HAVE THE MUSIC

Because a kid friendly movie with originality was too mainstream

this is sick  did not expect this to be like this. like. sick 

Bill Murray? Oh he is TOTALLY baloo the bear

"Based on what I see I don't really like it but I want to like it a lot if 
that makes sense"

This live-action thing is becoming a bad habit. Please stop it.

Christopher Walken as King Louie........ That'll be interesting.

Wasnt there already a live action jungle book?

"It's the jungle book it is the jUngle book it's the jungle book it is the 
jungle boooooook "

"Mind as well: Lion Ling CGI, Tarzan CGI, The Little Mermaid CGI, oh also 
add scary effects too!"

"When I heard about Disney making The Jungle Book again I thought it 
wouldn't work but man was I wrong this looks amazing!!!! Disney never fails 
to amaze me!!"

     ,  ,

"Scarlett's voice gave me chills. A perfect choice to do the voice of Kaa. 
"

best movie

"That little part at the end where he's humming Bear's Necessities just got 
me :')))) and Scarlett Johansson as Kaa!! Fantastic casting. Though I'm not 
too sure about Christopher Walken as King Louie... Still excited though!"

"Don't you dare ruin my childhood Disney!!, If there is no ""bare necessity"" 
song, I will flip"

"Alice in Wonderland, Cinderella, now Jungle Book. So is the hype about the 
new Mary Poppins movie is that it's going to be completely animated now? 
Except when they get to the hallucination and jump into the sidewalk 
drawings. Those penguins will be live action. And in the after credits 
scene, we'll see Yoda coming back to life to join...THE AVENGERS. And 
another after credits scene where we find out that Howard the Duck is the 
illegitimate half-brother of Donald Duck. Disney stockholders will be 
eating lobster dinners til the next coming of Jesus, Hallelujah!!!!!!"

THE HYPE JUST GOT REAL THEY BETTER NOT FUCK THIS UP

"If I met a talking snake with Scarlett's voice, I would definitely follow 
her deeper into the jungle to be devoured, and I probably wouldn't regret 
it."

Well that's just too good !!

JUNGLE KICK!!!!

"I was thinking ""Garden of Eden"" during this entire trailer. I don't know if 
it was the snake in combination with that creepy voice and dark jungle, or 
what."

The Jungle Hook

"If a fucking big ass snake asked me to trust it I would shit my Gawt damn 
pants"

The bare necessities!

"I am not too crazy about a semi serious approach to this movie. As much as 
I love the Jungle Book, I don't know if I can hop on the hype train."

"Here's hoping they keep the charm of the original movie as opposed to 
making a two hour CGI chase sequence."

Why?

looked like cgi from 2000

If it doesn't have the music from the original im not going to see it

"im surprised they didnt use a white actor and use make up to look like the 
desired race."

Interesting. :)

i love this movie

I dont know why but the lady sounds like Glados from Portal to me

PLEASE Let Scarlett sing "Trust in me"

"Great destroy the rest of my childhood why don't ya? God this is gonna be a 
bloody mess.... Don't get me wrong it looks awesome, it's just the CGI 
that's the heck bothering me. How is Baloo's song gonna fit in their any 
way!? XD"

The Book About A Boy Running Away From Animals

Oh, another unoriginal rehash - oh wow. This looks cool.

"If you are a fan of, The Jungle Book: The Adventures of Mowgli by Fumio 
Kurokawa (aired on DD), you will find a lot of discrepancies in this Disney 
movie. Although, both the Disney version and the Indian version made by 
Japanese are both compromises of the original by Rudyard Kipling, the 
Indian version is a more accurate adaptation of the Kipling's story. 

For instance, the character King Louie does not appear in Rudyard Kipling's 
original book, as orangutans are not native to India, nor did it appear in 
the TV series The Jungle Book: The Adventures of Mowgli by Fumio Kurokawa. 
Kipling insists that the Bandar-log, or monkeys, have no king, or any 
effective leadership. In the book as well as the Indian TV series Mowgli is 
abducted by a band of nameless and leaderless Bandar-log (monkeys), which 
is very different from the stupid Disney's version. There was also a 
sinister touch which Kipling's original story had. 

Just saying! :)"

YEESSSS

"Why did if say form the Studio that brought you pirates of the Caribbean. 
It looks nothing like it at all. Unless Captain Jack's Sparrow will make 
cameo"

At least u try Disney

CGI looks like rubber

Scarlett Johansson as the snake? DAMN! TAKE ALL OF MY MONEY!

So excited for this movie, loved the 80's original.

"I definitely predict that this remake of ""The Jungle Book"" will definitely 
not be as good as the old one. Originals usually can't be beaten."

Extremely excited to see sharekhan! Love the Voice cast \m/

"wow this looks freakin' amazing! so excited! (also, they should remake the 
lion king next!)"

I came

"This doesn't look quite good.
The main characteristic of this movie is the sympathy of the characters but 
this rare CGI movie makes them too natural.
Baloo wasn't a fearless bear he was the best animal homie a human could 
ever have.


Sorry if my english is bad."

*FANGIRLING*

"Interesting. Definitely appears to have a more 'serious' approach like the 
book, in comparison to the light-hearted animated version.."

Yes!!!! Beautiful cinematography :)

"OK, I love the Jungle Book. It's one of my favorite movies from my 
childhood. But if you're going to do a live action version, why would you 
just copy the cartoon? I was on board with this trailer until I saw CGI 
Baloo doing the backstroke and whistling Bare Necessities."



"This looks so much better than I was expecting. I hope the movie lives up 
to the trailer."

"This reminds me allot when I go out to clubs or Bars. Too many wild women 
going crazy over me. This movie looks like a must see. Like if you agree."

"For a moment i thought that this would be an animated film like the old 
days, but then nope, Disney making an animated movie with all the graphics 
technology nowdays, is never going to happen"

Wha?... they're making Kaa a FEMALE?!?!... why???...

"Christopher Walken as King Louie....

""Hai there Mow...glee! Im a King... Louie! Oh! Imma need you to... Ring 
this... Cowbell for. Me."""

So Khaa is female now?

"It's interesting that they used Scarlett as Kaa's voice. IMO, using a male 
voice actor, no matter how good, would have added a very sinister 
undertone. Unless of course they went the goofy male voice route, which 
wouldn't suit this film's aesthetic at all. Scarlett's voice is alluring 
and mesmerizing, which I imagine is what they were going for. I mean, she 
certainly would have me nailed to the spot if she spoke to me that way."

"I mean what are they gonna remake next, Marry Poppins, oh no, I've said to 
much."

I wonder if they'll remake Aladdin while they're at it?

"I'm sorry but how can Mowgli just dodge Shere-Khan like that in 0:59 (I'm 
probably gonna make a gif from that)"

1:29 pirates of the Caribbean theme?

"I think I've actually had it with disney, these corporate whores. I've been 
wrong about movies before, case in point, rise of the planet of the apes, 
but still, fuck you disney."

All aboard the hype train!!!

wow

Please release a trailer for Alice Through The Looking Glass

I'm there

looks generic and boring

omg that whistle

"Just one of my favorite scenes from the 1994 version...
Captain William Boone: [holding up a weapon] This is a personal favorite of 
mine. You thrust it into your opponent's belly like that, see? And then you 
twist it a little and rip out his stomach.
Mowgli: And then do you eat him?
Captain William Boone: No, of course not.
Mowgli: Does he want to eat you?
Captain William Boone: Why, no.
Mowgli: Then why kill him?
Captain William Boone: Because he's your enemy.
Mowgli: What is enemy?
Captain William Boone: Someone you hate.
Mowgli: What is hate?"

I thought she was gunna sat trussss mi daddy

Disney is gettin lazy  make new movies that r original

"Well, the child in me is in awe and slight confusion, while the current me 
is excited and having a fangasm."

"Was I the only one wanting the CGI Baloo to break out dancing singing ""Bear 
Necessities""?"

wooooaaaahhhh got the chills!

And then the people who said "CGI ruins the movie" finally shuts up

This doesn't look like a kids movie.... good

Wow my daughter will love this

"Seems more suspenseful than the original animated one. Can't wait until it 
comes out."

Mogli!!!!!!!!!! My main jungle bro!! I loved the original one

Scar Jo us the only thing that matters

Ooo trailer released on my birthday

Another gritty CGI filled reboot, nothing new to see here.

"eh...I'll give it a shot, but I prefer Disney's 1994 live version of the 
Jungle Book. It was AMAZING! Not going into this one with high expectation."

"Are they still gonna keep making Kaa the bad guy- or rather- girl in this? 
I get the gender change (female snakes are usually larger than males) but 
it'd seem insignificant if the character is still gonna be in the same 
antagonistic role Disney put the character in instead of the original wise 
mentor archetype."

Scarlet Johannson=must watch

is gonna be hard to beat the book and cartoon movie, we can only hope

Oh, I can't wait to watch this Black Panther movie... Oh wait...

Mowgli looks so perfect!

"Is this a romantic movie to see with a female human? If not let me know 
otherwise Ima take mah girl to see this...Fuk it I'll see it by myself"

Favreau does it again!

Its been a loooong time since I got this excited for a Disney movie

Shout Out to Scarlett Johansen for Being a FUCKING SNAKE

Gilbert Gottfried as Kaa, please.

Better be some musical numbers

"They better still have the funny moments. This looks 10x more dramatic than 
it has to be."

hi

Remember original ideas?

"Does anybody in this comment section know that Warner Bros are also making 
a Jungle Book movie? And its coming out the year after this? It will be 
interesting though."

I demand that Christopher Walken voices the boy!

I can understand the guy being hypnotized by Scarlet Johansson

Is it even okay to call it live action?

"Reeeeeally thrown off by ScarJo's voice, don't think it fits. But I'm 
excited for Baloo and Bagheera, my favorite characters."

"People are so quick to talk sh*t about the things they haven't even seen 
yet. Can't you all wait till it comes out and then say whatever sh*t you 
like if you don't like it."

"Dang this looks intense I might have to see this I loved the animated 
movie."

"I feel bad for getting excited for this. 

I despise Disney's live action remakes, but MAN this looks good!"

I was never a fan of the animated version so this actually looks good.

 ?

I thought this was Tarzan

"Me: sees Louie reaching for fruit O_O. 
Ka: I'll keep you close... 
Me: Okay, just keep Louie the fuck away from me! 
Ka: And Trussssst in me...! 
Me: sees Ka...You know what, o-on second thought I think I'll take my 
chances with the monkey...sees how FRIGGIN HUGE Louie is NEVERMIND! Ka's 
fine! I like snakes...they're smooth!"

"Does anyone else remember The Jungle Book: Mowgli's Story for VHS? Nope? 
Just me? Ok then..."

Is it weird that I almost cried? This is looking amazing

Scarlet is the snake because she's so sssssssseeexy

as he whistled bear necessities i almost cried of excitement

"honestly if they sing I wanna be like you I feel like it's gonna be so dark 
and twisted because of the giant evil looking King louie, it's gonna be 
sick"

Disney Renaissance again

"Looks like another needlesly epic remake. Epic. Epic! *Epic Epic Epic*. No 
room for anything resembling subtlety here, everything has to be *EPIC!*

(why, exactly?)"

"Ok, I won't judge this movie by its trailer... but so far I hated it, I 
mean, an action movie?, seriously? (It would be more fitting with 
Tarzan)... again, maybe that's just the trailer's format, so I will wait 
for the final thing...

BTW, I liked the bare necessities reference at the end..."

"there is also another jungle book movie coming in 2017 played by benedict 
cumberbatch as sher khan and christain bale as bagheera,a warner bros 
production and is directed by golumn."

can't wait for the live action Frozen now :/

Pretty fucking bad ass.

It's here! The jungle V.I.P !

That river is from jurassic world trailer i think.

"Okay...love jungle book...love the trailer although the live action movie 
is sorta creepy"

"Hahahahaha....How much would you love to hear Christopher Walken as the 
voice of Mowgli?!?!? ""Hello....little bear...Boy...I sure heard a bunch 
about you."""

1:26 is King Louie King Kong now???

Animals can't talk tho :(

IM SO EXCITED

"i hope they make Shere Khan just as proper and regal as he is in the film, 
and at the same time super threatening, just like in this clip 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXjviLBYrS8"

"A few questions:

Why is Kaa female?
Why are there orangutans and chimps in India?
Why is Baloo a grizzly?
Why is this even being made? If you want to make a new Jungle Book movie, 
make a new Jungle Book movie, don't rehash the Disney cartoon."

IF BEN KINGLSEY ISN'T SHRI KAN! HE IS ALWAYS THE BAD GUY!

Let's see, add this to list of movies that I need to watch....

This is going to suck more than my dad on mothers day.

wananavu

wow.. :)

mogly

"Disney just make Incredibles 2 already nobody really cares about anything 
else you're releasing now"

"PLEASE, PLEASE, Tell me Christopher Walken is going to be King Louis! I 
demand it!

I am hyped for this movie! Not sure if Kaa should be a Woman though..."

"why is everyone in the comments complaining about the movie? if you have a 
good reason then far enough but all I've seen is just stupid reasons."

Looks very bad. Mowgli I know as a child was Indian? Fuck NO

I'm worried if they ever try to do a CGI for Tarzan or The Lion King...

This looks amazing

i like the music at 1:28, but it sounds familiar, anyone?

"Gonna be honest, I haven't been terribly impressed with the live-action 
adaptations thus far, but I'm kinda hype for this one."

"So once again we're getting Evil Disney Kaa (just in female form), instead 
of the much more interesting Kaa from the book. Because snakes r bad. 

Way to break the mould, Disney."

Baloo the Bear better dance and sing!!

I was excited until I saw the lackluster voice casting..... : (

"WELCOME TO THE JUNGLE!!
weve got fun and games!"

Why a remake of a remake of a remake ?

This looks bomb

"Before I watched this trailer did anybody sing bear necessities to 
themselves 

No just me?"

so still sporting the man who wrote white mans burden I guess.

I'm fuckin ready.

"I was about to say before I saw her as the snake that if Scar Jo is the 
tiger, I'm going to shit a brick"

Mogli? <3

So by Live action they mean CGI on steroids LOL

Omg... The feels...

No snek tits 0/10

These are the bear necessities!

While you're at it, make an action-packed "Lady & The Tramp" thanks.

hmn Richard Parker. :)

"The photography's really pretty.
A real animal or two would've been nice though. Not that it would've been 
easy to train by any means, it's just hard not to notice how it's 80% CGI."

Everything that includes Scarlett Johansson looks pretty good to me

"I'm getting sick of all the live action Disney movies, there power is in 
their cartoons, in their feel good family films, not in their strange or 
dark live action takes on old classics"

"Can't wait for Hercules movie remake on real life since its the new meta 
for Disney! :D"

"So long as it has 'Bear Necessities' and 'I Wanna Be Like You', I'll be a 
happy chappy."

cad os Br?

"I do remember Mowgli being a lot browner in the original Disney movie, 
basically Tamil not northern Indian, south Indians are a lot darker because 
of their Dravidian ancestry(India's Aboriginals)."

"I think they Confirmed that Brenda Song is gonna be Mulan on the live 
action movie. ""Mulan"""

Holy ravioli!

"Can Disney just start pumping out some new movies instead of just remaking 
the old ones?"

"Can Disney just start pumping out some new movies instead of just remaking 
the old ones?"

"Look for the bare necessities
The simple bare necessities
Forget about your worries and your strife
I mean the bare necessities
That's why a bear can rest at ease
With just the bare necessities of life"

"Um why does anyone care about this again? Oh right, because people with a 
lot of money want more money from you so somehow they convinced you to be 
excited about this.

All I saw was a bunch of really shitty CGI characters with some really 
terrible music that almost sounded like it was trying to be the Pirates of 
the Caribbean theme song for half a second."

Errarram ae, o nome do filme  Tarzan

whhhhahaaaattttt that ending what man im too hyped no

I must say, this looks really good... Stop complaining about CGI!...

"How to share dis one? Love the trailer.
"

They should make a Brother bear live cgi

"A few months ago I had no plans on wanting to see this movie....now I'm 
super freakin excited. INTO THE JUNGLE WE GO!!!!!!"

"The size of the nostalgia wave that hit me when Baloo whistled was never 
before experienced..."

"too much CGI.. instead of live action, it would have been much better if 
they made in 3D.."

"Only thing that would've made it better honestly is Angelina Jolie voicing 
the snake
she would've slayeddddddd"

Who wants to Netflix and chill?

"Are those real animals? Nope, Chuck Testa."

to those who doesnt like it, am just dont watch it. no worries. 

Well this looks good

I don't know why there is so much hate. This seems mad cool to me.

Stereotypical gritty reboot.

"I am just confused on why it is coming out in April, thats a bad time for 
movies, I would think this would come out late May or December if it was 
really good."

"I skipped a heartbeat when i saw that this trailer was released! my god im 
so hyped!!!!!"

Awsmm

I just got goose bumps lol

"I guess im the only one that remembers the 90s version of the jungle book 
with real animals...but this. SMH:("

"Better than I expected. Kaa needs a bit more work though. The CGI doesn't 
match up with the quality of Shere Khan's. They still have time to touch it 
up!"

SHADDUP AND TAKE MY MONEY

"aw I was stoked when i heard about this, but it just looks like another 
greenscreen disaster. look at mowgli jump away from ""shere khan."" oy"

Hey look, the true prince of Arendelle !

they havent get over this fucking movie god damn

I'm loving that snake's voice!!!!!

"Fuck you Disney. None of these remakes are good. This new fad will die out 
and maleficent cinderalla and this Cgi fest will be forgotten."

I hate when I get goosebumps watching trailers

Cripes, Hollywood! Will you EVER stop shitting all over my childhood!?

"People complaining about the CGI. I'm all like ""Yeah let's use all real 
animals instead"".....-_-"

"Kind of curious to see how Disney approaches a movie in this day and age 
where the message was basically about ""white man's burden""

But this was one of my faves growing up and I'm hype as hell to see this"

Mogli is now an action SUPERHERO too...like Iron Man.

It's weird when your eye's role and you crack a grin at the same time

This looks horrible. It relies WAAAY too much on CGI.

Gay

"I'll be so damn mad if the original songs aren't all included in this! 
Also, this looks like way too much action... Only lacked some explosions 
and machine guns and super heroes..."

Whats next? A live action version of Goodnight Moon??

"Awesome cast! Love that there's a fantasy element to it makes it feel 
really surreal"

So after this is Winnie the Pooh and then Aladin, right?

Can't wait

ser un xito total

AHHH Dear ChildHood. :')

Disney, you always find a way to excite us. Never stop.

"I really hope that the animals aren't completely CGI and that they used 
real animals when they could."

The best khan - Sher khan, hahah :D

tarzan

What will they bring to life next, Winnie the pooh?

"i think this movie would be great, yes it's not like the original, but kids 
these days are not interested in things like the original, if it doesn't 
have enough action like the avengers then the movie can as well watch 
itself"

fuck

ghey

I can't wait, it looks awesome 

"My goodness, the casting payroll must've cost more than the CGI.

That lineup though."

"Of all the Disney animated features they're turning to live-action, this 
one actually has me excited. Loved the animated film and absolutely love 
the book."

So, Scarlett Johansson is Kaa? Sign me the fuck up!

Go ahead and make the little kid CGi too...

OMG YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS

Could not be less excited for a film. Way to ruin the magic.

this looks amazing

"Can you say BLOCK BUSTER!!!!Disney once again shows why it remains a 
relevant powerful influence in movies. Taking classic and remaking it in a 
new and fresh way... Can't wait for this one...."

THAT CAST THOUGH!!!

"3 things:
1. BILL FREAKING MURRY IS IN THIS MOVIE???!!!!!!!
HE BETTER BE VOICING BALOO OR I WILL CRY
2. WHY KAA A GIRL NOW AND EVEN FURTHER WHY IS HE/SHE VOICED BY SCARLET 
JOHANSSON VOICING HIM/HER???
just to mention Scarlet Johansson is a great actress but why Kaa Disney? 
Couldn't she voice one of the elephants or something?
3. WHY IS KING LOUIE BIG AND SCARY?
its just really out of character for him. i mean, he was just a quirky 
orangutan who wanted to be human, dont you think its a little weird he 
would walk out of the shadows like that all menacingly?"

I'm super excited

Meh.... :( No Louis Prima -- no go.

 equals 

"HHHHEEEELL YEEEA! I am 28 years old and I can't wait to see this movie. The 
Jungle Book is one of the best story I have ever seen as a child. Shere 
Khan is twice as bad as Scar in the Lion King!"

"Wait... was there a scene that I missed? Or was the whole trailer literally 
all CGi? Like was there any scene were there wasn't???"

"Really??? Bears in the jungle??? Jaguars in the jungle??? Bears are North 
Americans and jaguars are South Americans. Disney...."

"I LOVE IT! This is way better then the last live action jungle book where 
they made moogli some kind of martial arts bad ass. I love how they made 
Kaa a female in this one. This makes Kaa awhole lot scarier. Makes sense 
giving her a ""hypnotic"", seductive voice. A male voice wouldn't really go 
over that well."

Idk how good this is gonna be if they dont make it fun like the original

I just want 7 christopher walken credits instead of the current cast.

KHAN!!!!!

Great job guys...props to your animators.

"This shit is so realistic lets just hope (pray) the dentist who shot Cecil 
the lion does not get any ideas."

Please Jungle Book for Kingdom Hearts 3!

FLOP.

I hope they don't make this movie too serious.

Well, looks like shit

"All my childhood movies are coming back. There is no greater happiness in 
my life rn but these comeback movies"

"And just like that, we are that much closer to a live-action Lion King! 
Bring back James Earl and Jeremy though or it won't even have a chance."

"Someone needs to Do Something about this Untalented Wannabe wrestler an 
Actor John cena!!!"

"OMG OMG OMG OMG !!! I love THe MARvel's DIRECTOR ! OMG OMG!! My favorite 
Director and my favorite movie of my child !!!"

"was any one else surprised when they learned who the woman was that was 
narrating the commercial?"

"Not really liking it (so far) to be honest. Too action heavy in this 
trailer and the music, although good work, doesn't really fit this film if 
we're relating to the original Jungle Book. Just felt like I just saw a 
trailer for a new Marvel film in sorry to say. Just hope Disney isn't 
looking the magic touch on creativity and idea through live actions and 
repeat dramatic music. Sorry folks, hoping the next trailer can bring 
viewers a little more nostalgia than noise next time."

"People Today Won't Know How Amazing this Jungle Book Movie is..All they 
Know is to Click the Dislike button..."

Only reason I'll watch it is for the bare necessities.

my childhood <3

"They should have let the guy that did life of pi to direct it and do the 
cgi, and the snake voice doesnt seem to fit."

The Magnificent Christopher Walken as King Louis!  I'm sold.

Cuando se estrena?

Fuck yeah.

"Are they remaking all the Disney animated classics live action I want Lion 
King Next"

"but yall i thought kaa was a dude why is scarlet johansen telling me to 
trust in her i mean i already did but im confused"

"I think this is the first time I have actually been perfectly fine with the 
change of a character from the original story. Kaa's gender swap. I am 
Usually a stickler for characters to be true to their original source. But 
Kaa's voice sounds so cool!"

Scarlett's voice omg 

"Ugh this looks unappealing.  Check out the 1994 live action Jungle Book 
movie, it's great."

mowlgi girl?

The cgi looks horrible

holy poop. Scarlett Johansson as the snake sounded really cool!

"NO NO NO! Just a lighthearted movie about wonder will do, there is no need 
to Lord-of-the-Rings-epicify this! Ugh... other that, it looks looks good."

Oh my gosh.

Will this connect to Captain America 3??

Singing vultures or GTFO! :)

How khan you not shere this video?

Beautiful !

"So after Cinderella, Disney's making gritty live action remakes of all 
their animated classics?"

i always loved this cartoon when i was a kid

">Idris Elba's ""too street"" 
>Stars in Disney's The Jungle Book."

"The random levels of realistic accuracy in which this film is made annoy 
me. That set aside, I'm fully psyched up."

this looks intense.....I WANNA SEE IT

"My mind is blown.
the perfect line between animation and real scenes"

Running from stuff, the movie...

Scarlette johansson has a very sexy voice

Looks awesome!! Disney doing good with movies now days

don't know how i feel about this.

christopher walken must be the tiger!!

"Am I the only one who got really excited when I heard Scarlett Johansson's 
voice, but then became really disappointed when I found out that I wouldn't 
be seeing her in a jungle bikini, but rather as a snake?"

"if you cut out the title of the movie at the end I would have thought: 
TARZAN!!!"

Looks very good....alot better then the lone ranger

"People are going on about how big Louie is this time around. Anyone else 
ever seen a panther or a tiger or even a bear quite that big? They've all 
gotten huge"

"Umm yeah the movie is going to have a lot of CGI. It has talking animals, 
like wtf you expect them to get real animals that talk? "

Why does Baloo look like a goofy bear instad of a black bear?

Why must all trailers be edited the same way now days?

best movies

"I don't think Kaa would be afraid of Shere Khan in this. 

Also, I can't help but think they should have used Jeremy Irons' voice for 
Shere Khan, not that Idris Elba is a bad choice."

The only thing missing were the funny vultures. I love those guys.

Can't wait until they make Winnie the Pooh into a remade action movie.

Meh...

"The bare necessities at the end was the perfect homage to the original! 
However, I really hope that this movie sticks more to the integrity of the 
book than to the first film, which would require slightly more human actors 
for Messua and older Mowgli, and the man village, but I think Disney has 
the potential to do a very good job with this! I can't wait to see it!"

i cant wait

"wasnt the tiger in the second movie? idk it has been amwhile a while since 
I have seen the movies"

Well this looks like it won't disappoint!

0-o

Looks great.

THE WHISTLE AT THE END THO

"OMG why do i feel like a kid all over again!!? Not really in to the live 
action remakes but this looks siiiick! I got the chills. Next up, Little 
Mermaid??? *crossing fingers*"

Meanwhile on CineMash: why does Kaa sound like a female in this movie?

I can't wait to see that realistic looking bear sing

SSSSSSSSSCARLLET JOHANSSON VOICE IS GIVING ME A BONER

This looks amazing.

what's that I hear? oh... my childhood dying.

I thought this was going to be a live-action remake?

Who's voice is that, its annoying me that I can't think of it

Wasn't there already a live-action Jungle Book movie back in the 90s?

"Although it's Disney and they tend to screw things up, when i saw john 
favreau was making it I became hopeful for it."

doesn't look half bad,

"The Jungle Book as an action movie?!
With terrible looking CGI!?
Count me in!"

The film might be decent but the CGI really isn't.

necessrio, somente o necessrio.... ai aiaiaiaiiaia <3

Looks very cool.

"This actually doesn't look that bad to me... And, the voice cast they 
picked so far seems about right. I mean, Idris Elba as Shere Khan, holy 
shit... XD I hold my full judgement for now, of course.

Also, it'll be fun comparing this to the one Andy Serkis is directing for 
2017. May the better version win~

And this is probably an unpopular opinion, but I hope they bring the 
vultures back. :D"

"Yesss sou good  i like it just like the old disney movie cartoon, 
thats the best part ..."

There is a lot of CGI BUT the movie doesn't look half bad.

"This looks so good. I'm sorta saddened in many ways by post 9/11 gritty 
movies, but honestly as an adult it's cool to see some of these stories 
retold with a darker twist. I wonder what that says about how we've shifted 
as a society the past 20 years"

"I'm stoked for this.Can't wait to see Bagheera fight Shere Khan, as a kid I 
always wanted them to fight each other."

"Into the trash it goes. God I'm so sick of these ""gritty"" live action 
reboots of old Disney movies. This in particular feels really disrespectful 
to the original movie, and I very much doubt that they are going for the 
original book as source material."

"I find it odd that the consensus from the d23 expo was that Bill Murray 
isn't a good fit. we don't hear him in the trailer at all. I'm curious.

teaser is good though. scarjo has a fantastic voice
z"

This looks terrible

Too much CGI. It looks like I'm watching a video game.

This is all "Real" no CGI

at 1:27 apparently King kong is in this movie.

"Hathi! Kaa! Baloo! The Banderlog! Akela! Sher Kahn, the Lame One, Hunter of 
Frogs! I can't wait!"

Looks AWESOME!

But Kaa's supposed to be male.

"That ""oh shit"" moment you have when you realize the woman speaking is Ka 
and not a feminized Bagheera like you thought at first..."

Omg This is gonna be so cool! I definitely will go see it!

Kaa got me under its spell, I keep pressing replay

"Bill Murray getting top billing in a really fucking intense trailer. 
Something's off"

WAY TO GO DISNEY. Bring back the classics. Jungle book .... hmm... maybe

"Wow . Kaa was a male originally... Why change the integrity of the story 
for equality's sake??? If the original story wasn't equally balanced in 
gender roles, don't change it's history and just make a film that was 
originally equal."

nah...

"man, its sad, that most movie producers now a days don't have any original 
ideas anymore and just do a remake of old movies."

Hi

"Hi
"

"Holy crap they are actually doing the ACTUAL book. The book is kinda 
mature. Disney is on fire right now"

"dear youtube, why are you acting retarded. The layout changes every five 
minutes"

This looks a lot more dramatic than it should

this looks really cool 11/10 will go see

I just want to hear Chris Walken sing "King of the Swingers"

This is better than suicide squad trailer .

"The ending of where you heard the humming on Bare Necessities made MY 
EXCITEMENT LEVEL INCREASE"

I CANT WAIT! :D

the CGI....

one word: GOOSEBUMPS

Why is Kaa a woman

Reminds me a bit of Life of Pi, excellent movie by the way

I don't remember it being this dark

got to have them..Beear necessities!

"That orangutan looks creepy as hell! More so than the snake. Looks cool. 
Hope it develops this trailers hype!"

OH SNAP!!! 8D

Been waiting for this for awhile!

"whats up with all trailer using The dark knight feel, booming bass beat, 
bhooomp .... bhooomp ... bhooomp, this is supposed to be cheerfull"

Interesting.

"This film and the CGI look unbelievable! I'm so pumped! But confused on why 
we are having this movie and Andrew Serkis' movie ""Jungle book: origins"". 
Why make two? I'm confused on this."

"Holy Sugar Honey Ice Tea! That was kind of terrifying, but it looks so 
cool!!!"

That looks gay AF but I'll watch it because Christopher walken

"This is such a childhood throwback. I was nervous on how it would look. But 
lord have mercy, this looks AMAZING!!! The CGI looks great."

I wonder if The Beatles will be in this one?

"What the heck is this. Please, first you ruin star wars, then you destroy 
my memories of the cartoon AND the book. Please disney, please don't 
tarnish my childhood..."

"(Mm, Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm.) Impressive. What other Live action feature length 
Disney film project will there be in the future, DINOTOPIA? Well I herd or 
should I say I've just discovered this Origin of a DINOTOPIA Film on 
Wikipedia some time ago & it quotes. Quote: Plans for a DINOTOPIA film were 
previously rejected due to the expense of creating a world populated by 
both humans and dinosaurs. Both Columbia Pictures and Disney at one time 
made the attempt, but both studios abandoned the idea, Disney opting to 
make their own homegrown film, Dinosaur in 2000. Hallmark Entertainment 
chief Robert Halmi Sr. then purchased the rights after having seen Gurney's 
book. Unquote. Well true A miniseries was seen on TV on Disney ABC. 
Including the continuing series. I just notices Disney is making a live 
action film The Jungle Book. If they made a Live action Film with Talking 
animals in that new Disney Film coming to Theaters Next Spring. That's why 
couldn't make a feature Film with humans & Dinosaurs AKA Talking Dinosaurs 
on the Big Screen. Based on James Gurney's award winning books. Well if you 
know Disney see if they can try to make a DINOTOPIA film on the Big Screen 
as they've originally started & tried years ago. Well good luck contacting 
Walt Disney Studios. Bye."

YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES

No tigers nor bears in Africa :(

"what the fuck is with this trailer making me expect some fate of the world 
shit"

gave me chills. Disney knows exactly what theyre doing.

finally...looks amazing

Cau Moura

"Looks Epic, but I just can't get exited for it. That looks nothing like the 
Jungle Book I know, with all the Songs.
Go ahead and make an epic wildlife movie, but naming it after that movie 
makes no sense to me."

"I've never been really into the jungle book but remember the animated movie 
as a kid.
KLASHDKLASJDHJKLASDHA THIS LOOKS AMAZING"

best movie

wtf happened to the simple bear necessities

Is it just me or does Baloo LOOK like Bill Murray too?

Trussstttttt in meeeeeee

"From the studio that brought you a gritty, live-action remake of an 
animated film, comes another gritty, live-action remake of an animated 
film."

the jungle book yikes :D

Nothing is sacred anymore.

Wow

My Goodness.

"Excited to be honest. I always love to see what advancements they can make 
for movies from my childhood."

that ending made the trailer.

"This actually looks like it might be a little creepy compared to the 
original animated film, it could be cos all that cg just looks off to me 
but mainly the vibe I'm getting from the trailers is it's probably gonna be 
sorta dark I mean watch the trailer without sound and just look at the 
visuals, and it's not like having a giant snake talking through the whole 
thing makes it any better hahaha"

"Hipsters: ""It's still not gonna be better than the original""
""The original will always be the best"" Just shut fuck up and watch it."

"hmmm not digging the look of the animals. i mean it's real life yet over 
the top. why can't it be more towards fantasy and enhance those characters 
without making them too cartoony? is this what they came up with?...
planet of the apes gave each monkey a distinct look, now here it's just all 
lifelike as possible. i'm not digging kaa at all....
and i was very scared as a kid. but the way it talks is just.embarassing i 
think. 
should have gone smaug all the way.
 and shir khan is just a tiger.and why is baloo just a regular bear. can't 
they alter some features without making them look too off of this world?"

NO WORD MY CHILDHOOD IS BACK...

This could be an intresting take, indeed...

"Yaaaaaaaaasssssss!!!!!!! Who's ready for a new Disney live action 
butchering of a beloved film that no one in their right mind asked for?!?!? 
Woooooo"

i want this now!

not exactly one for the kids

"SO excited for this. Fun fact, Baloo is pronounced as *BAR-loo*, Mowgli: 
Mow rhymes with Cow and Kaa is Kar with a short of gasp in it. He is also 
Mowgli's companion in the original stories. Neat how they made him female 
in this movie. From the clips, it looks like they took some parts from 
Kaa's Hunting and Tiger! Tiger! from the original short stories. Looks so 
damn good."

It's only a matter of time before they start fucking up the classics.

Looks good!!!

More epic than the Pixels trailer.

La quiero ver se mira muy buena :3

Where's the Jazz!

This was much better than I thought it was going to be and now I'm excited

Well, I know one movie I'll be skipping. Garbage.

Shere Khan vs Bagheera....BRING IT

"Remember when Disney actually made original movies?

Pepperidge Farms remembers."

I thought this was live action? The only thing not CGI was the kid!

cgi animals because dentists killed all the real ones

"Another subtle subliminal satanic sponsored movie from 666 Disney. Playing 
on your sub-conscious to lift up one evil over the other. Lets see who the 
two evils are in this movie. Or maybe it's just one evil in this one (the 
serpent) and still hiding subliminals in the entire movie. Either way 
Disney's entire existence should be burned to the ground."

This trailer has all the bear necessities!

It's official. Disney can only make shit now. Fucking pathetic.

"I'm not completely gone over this, granted it's a teaser but it looks good. 
I'd rather see this than Pan, though."

eh. Pirates of the Caribbean has a better storyline

That final shot made the entire trailer.

"This was my favorite animated movie when I was a kid. Watching this trailer 
brings back memories! 
Can't wait!"

"For a second I thought it will be serous and not funny until the end and I 
was laughing"

This looks EPIC!!!!!!

That snake is f**king scary!

That whistle tho!!

"What are you waiting for??? So, now Kaa is ""she"". No Akela, no Father Wolf, 
no Grey Brother... Way to go, Disney! Are Baloo and Bagheera homosexual 
now? Or what are the other ""surprises""???"

Surprised they didn't put a white kid & claimed he wiped the tigers hahaha

OMG CANT WAIT!!!!!!!!!!!

well...it's something

Still won't be better then the original.

i cant wait to see this

Okay, this looks so cool! I can't wait!

1.11111E+49

Scarlett's voice <3

What is the title of the last song please?? :D

Remember when Disney was creative? Ya, that was a while ago

This actually looks pretty good.

Omg this looks epic! I want to watch it!

Oh good :3 i thought it was gonna be extremely cheezy XD

Fuck the hype. Looks like a bad overly CGI chinese flick

"All they did was take the fun cutness out of the movie and make it all 
about violence and fear, I happen to like the bear necessities of life song"

SO.FREAKING.PUMPED.

"Originally not looking forward to this movie, but then I saw the cast and I 
splooged."

"Officially torn I love that my favorite movie as a child, is now becoming a 
bigger movie... But, I am also sad that they are turning it into a more 
action-like movie... I just hope it doesn't ruin my childhood :(

Still, will see it in theaters, just like Pan when it comes out."

"I don't really like that they are doing this, but that cast... I'm looking 
forward to seeing this."

"Judging by the trailer, I'm going to say that this film is the 1967 
animated all over again, just a bit more darker."

"Shock horror they actually cast an Indian boy for an Indian role! 
#welldonehollywood"

"why the FUCK did they just turn a sing a long musical into a killer drama 
horror flick"

Stupid

   ok

Kaah sounds like how i depict satan in Garden of Eden

Pref a animated one but this looks sick to

"Why the fuck did they change Kaa's voice for a women's voice? Not saying 
that Scarlett Johansson isn't capable of being a good voice actress, she is 
very talented, yet changing his voice to a female's voice kind of takes 
away from his character, there are male voice actors out there who could 
have also played his role"

"I remember when imdbs page about this movie said Andy Serkis was playing 
Baloo I was so excited and now I do not want to see the movie at all. Not 
just cause of that but also it looks like a generic action movie now. Also 
why is everything cg? Even Mowgli looked cg. I thought this was supposes to 
be a live action adaption."

How many times is Disney going to repeat this?

"Would look good if it weren't for all the CGI. Real dangerous animals could 
have been used. You could have taken their teeth and claws out and the kid 
would have been fine."

"Where are the singing monkeys? looks like a horror movie adaption of it. 
Still looks pretty good though."

"Why is Disney making all their classics live action spin-off films now? 
First Maleficent, then Cinderella, and now Jungle Book."

No music????

considering thrrr only being 311,304 views i feel fairly early

better be some mother F'ing songs

"Hearing 1:37 actually makes me want to see it now. Love that part in the 
animated movie."

AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO WANTS TRON 3???

Kaa definitely looks a lot less dumb lol

This looks good but am I the only one sick of these live action remakes?

the amount of CGi concerns me, but i'll keep my hopes up

THE ENDING AWEE <33

I trussssssssssssssssssst her 

"And here I was, hoping for a more true tale of the story ( like Christopher 
Lambert's portrayal ), rather than just a ""live action"" version of the 
Disney movie.

Come on Disney....stop remaking your movies every decade."

The soundtrack better have a Trap EDM remix to Bear Necessities.

This movie looks fucking retarded

This was not the trailer from D23 but it's still good!

Might as well make a live CGI Lion King

Jim Cummings = Scarlett Johansson? Seems about right..

I take back every bad thought I have had about this movie being made.

"this trailer sucks. the one shown at D23 was lighthearted! upbeat! joyful! 
musical! this feels so dark"

CHECK OUT OUR PAGE!

So...are they going to sing?

I thought it took place in India.

Omg actually looks good

isn't it ironic how Disney can just steal ideas

what the hell is this

Trust in ME

"waaaaa! I suddenly miss my childhood. This is one of the best childhood 
cartoon/book I love. And SUDDENLY!!! It became a real human movie. :)"

"When is Disney going to stop just recreating movies and actually come up 
with something original?!.."

You had me at Christopher Walken.

where r the wolves?!!

"I'm sorry I haven't seen The Jungle Book but isn't the black leopard the 
bad guy?"

This looks so lifeless.

this is nowhere near as good as the one shown at D23

:D

"I have a feeling that this movie is racist. Please note that it is directed 
by a white man."

Oh man oh man, I LOVE the snake. And the music. So excited!!

Stunning this looks beautiful!!

Don't mesup my childhood and make this movie bad

"Overall it looks okay. Baloo, Bagheera, and Shere Khan all look great. Not 
totally sold on Scarlett Johansson voicing Kaa...she sounds a bit too 
pleasant. Still not sure why they turned King Louie into an orangutan 
version of King Kong though..."

*Hype Level:* EXTREMELY HIGH

"PLEEEEEEEASE don't tell me Kaa is a GIRL! If so, then they made a BIG 
MISTAKE! The movie looks exciting though."

The Jungle of Pi..... Lol

I am excited is my favorite movie

I'm on board!

"holy cow, just got the goose bumps. we just had our baby shower with the 
junglebook theme. all the googling we did and this never popped up once. 
thise sneaky bastards. my boys first movie. its a sign"



"Did anyone else get chills seeing Baloo and Mowgli on the river and hearing 
that whistle, I'm pretty excited!"

"Well this talks big but I'm looking foreward to Andy Serkises Jungle Book 
movie based on the original books with no Disney at all."

"The whole video I was like, ""Where's the music?"" But at the end, that 
whistle... THE FEELS!!!"

This doesn't even look like Disney and I'm glad.

Is no one gonna question why Kaa is a girl now?

you know, i relay want to watch this

"Alright, I know they definitely got Ben Kingsley to voice Sher Khan, but 
the moment I saw Christopher Walken was in this movie, I just couldn't stop 
myself from thinking of him with Walken's voice, and it was hilarious."

"hm.... i dont know what to think about it to be honest.... dont you think 
there's just too much CGI?"

Gonna watch this!

"DISNEY you money grabbing fiends. CSJeremy was right you're making all the 
movies into live actions now. Just remaking after people have forgotten so 
you take all their money. You're turning my childhood into a slot machine 
and that's just shameful. I'm disgusted."

and they just ruined the original

They made Kaa, Scarlett Johansen? Seems odd.

"i hope ben kinglsy is kahn i think he is one of those actors that has that 
natural villian voice"

"In the beginning it sounded like Hunger Games music...

This movie has promise. Will see when it comes out."

"Seriously, can we please stop with all the remakes please!
Here's an idea. Lets come up with an original movie idea instead of 
rehashing old best sellers."

I liked the part where the kid ran away from something.

It's a bare necessity to watch this movie ..

AMAZING!!! :)

"how many times are they going to redo this movie? really? not even 
interested."

"i think a re-release of the original in theaters would be much more fun. 
not every great animated movie needs a live action reboot. stop insulting 
your fans disney."

We are waiting anxiously for opening night!

this. is. going. to. be. amazing.

"furry heaven"

BILL MURRAY AS BALOOOOOOOOOOOO

"What is Disney doing with my childhood??? And why is the Snake suddenly a 
girl?"

"The genre of ""turn a disney classic cartoon into a live action movie"" is 
terrible as shit. Every single movie in this genre has been bad. That said, 
the Jungle book actually looks really good."

"Scarlett Johanson was so miscast. Every time she speaks, I can't not think 
of how Cate Blanchet will be a much better Kaa in Jungle Book Origins."

I CANNOT WAIT.

Yas batch!

"That moment you watch this trailer then instantly find yourself watching 
Bare Necessities with total nostalgia"

"I'm just so happy they didn't cast a white kid to play Mowgli. The voice 
cast is brilliant, I can't wait. <3"

"will they sing? I hope there's singing... this generation lacks musical 
inspiration."

"Disney's REALLY running out of ideas, but gotta admit it though, this looks 
pretty goddamn fantastic."

"I love CGI but i love it in moderation. Too much of it personally becomes 
dull to me. Half way through the trailer i was already loosing some 
interest. A balance between CGI and real life effects is what i prefer. But 
it still looks good."

"Thank Walt Disney, for turning this classic live action. My whole childhood 
thanks a lot, I cry in theaters this I'm sure. I will love this film as I 
loved the classic Disney animation. #Disney #TheJungleBook"

"Welp sheer Kah has been evolved from dopey Winnie the Pooh voice to bad ass 
Black Widow voice. I can't wait for it."

Why is King Louie so big?

So many movies to look forward too in the next few years. Damn.

What are those!?

"I don't know why but after I watched this I started to sing IN THE JUNGLE 
THE MIGHTY JUNGLE THE LION SLEEPS TONIGHT keep it going............"

Looks like a CGI nightmare.

Why. Does. This. Exist.

Now too scary for kids!

Finally the Rudyard Kipling version is getting made into a movie!

How is King Louie so big????

Looks amazing!!!!!

Awesome!

I'm scared for this.

"lmao is this an action thriller or something? You could just tell they were 
going to insert some fiery kabooms lol and they did. The trailer has a 
whole lot of unnecessary flare and flash. If that's all the movie offers 
then meh it'll probably suck. But if it has actual substance to balance out 
the kabooms and crazy action sequences than it might be pretty good. Not as 
good as Warner Brother's Jungle Book though...


Also I don't like all the damn dirty apes in this movie..."

This movie is going to be Good

This is gonna be AWESOME

Yes, Chef.

"Am I the only one who likes the bear to be sweet and funny, not overly 
dramatic bull crap. They should just leave classic animated movies 
animated."

alos aos esta pelicula pero ahora se ve hasta la misma ta xata

"Oh noes! What have you done to the classic? I have my opinions and you guys 
have yours. But when it becomes too much of adopting something like ""The 
Jungle Book"", I feel that Walt Disney himself would look at today and see 
what is happening with his LAST film he ever made alive."

"This and Beauty and the Beast are the only live action Disney remakes that 
Im interested in."

"My only reaction to this is just ""what?"" I never really cared for the 
jungle book but I can see why people like it. It's just weird they would 
choose to make a live action movie about it."

YEP

I need to see this

Too many CGI

This.......looks fucking excellent.

life of pi 2

"This movie was fun and happy mixed with scary/climatic moments. THE 
COMPLETE OPPOSITE OF THIS TRAILER"

"Wow!!! that whistle tune at the end threw me deep into nostalgia...can't 
wait to see Baghira and Baloo :D"

Well, that Baloo my expectations.

This movie was my life as a kid...

"Okay this is so intense! I can't wait to cry, cheer and feel euphoria while 
watching it. One of my favorite disney's. Let the adventure begin!"

YAAAAAAAS

YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS

The jungle book...more like The VFX Book amiright?

When's the last time Disney made an animated movie?

yes.. yea..yeahhhhh!!!!!!

"so did all directors have a meeting where they decided hey 50% of all 
movies should be sequels or remakes? new thoughts cost more!"

MY CHILDHOOOD COMES BACK TO LIFE...REAL LIFE. FUCKA YEAH

Looks like Disney's running out of ideas

Why does this look like an action thriller

violently hyperventilates. BlaCK WIDOW

"Nope, this movie is one of those movies that should be left as a cartoon, 
it looks horrible but lots of people will be suckered into watching it. 
NOPE NOPE NOPE, stop trying to make remakes Hollywood, come up with some 
better ideas."

I can't wait!!!!

"""The bear necessities, those good ol' bear necessities"" *Christopher Walken 
voice*"

"HOLLYWOOD!!! Get your hands off of my favorite children's books! You always 
commercialize and essentially diminish the meaning of them and insist on 
pumping garbage into them! Stop ruining perfectly good stories!"

*CGI The Movie US Teaser Trailer*

First thing it reminded me of was Jumanji

"I loved the original, and this teaser makes me believe it is no where near 
the same tone. Yeah, there was danger, but it was a lot more lighthearted 
and fun. This feels like Disney's upchuck of an awesome classic in an epic 
thriller style. I think it's gonna suck.

Also, Scarlett Johansson as Kaa? That sounds terrible."

"Okay if the movie is anywhere near as good of quality as this trailer, then 
i for once applaud Disney."

you won me at scar jo's voice. but shit, this looks dark

KAAAAAAAAAAA!!!

CGI looks incredible.

That bare necessities whistle better not be false advertising

Mawkle

1:20 - 1:21 Muffasa cameo!!!

"Please God let this movie be as action packed and good as this trailer 
looks . The opening with Scarlett' Johansson voice as the snake is fucking 
amazing"

1:20 - 1:21 Muffasa cameo!!!

"obviously the snake is supposed to be satan.. come on disney. you're not 
even trying anymore."

Sheer Kong and then he will be a hairless pussy!

AHHHHH!!! this looks amaaaazzzziiinnnnggggggggggggggg!

.

am i watching a freerunning jungle movie

"As King Louie would say
""CRAZZZY!"""

"I am definitely in the wrong business. I should start a studio and just 
remake the same film 40 times. People will keep paying money as long as 
each film looks slightly different from the last. Hey Disney if you want to 
make a good movie then take ""The Little Mermaid"", ""Sleeping Beauty"", ""Snow 
White"", and ""Cinderella"" and shoot a movie based on how the story was 
actually written."

"Even if the movie ends up being crap-Which I doubt it-it's going to look 
fucking amazing on the big screen."

Interesting. And Scarlett Johanson as Kaa? I trussst she will not fail.

Yes, yes to everything this trailer has shown me.

would of been better if PLANET OF THE APE guy made this movie.

hcvnv

Well this is a weird idea. ...

That cast list tho

"Being Indian, this was my favorite as a kid. I remember I always used to 
get entranced by all the music in the film. Hope they do it justice"

BILL F%^KING MURRAY!

*cough cash grab *cough

Where's the singing bear? Lol

Just watch as they force an LGBT character into this.

"Me before watching this: Oh I bet it's ok. Me After watching this: Ok, it 
was amazing."

"Im kind of getting tired of Disney trying to make all of there classic 
movies live action. Not many of them work and also It just feels Lazy. Sure 
the SGI effects and amazing but to be honest its just the same plot. 

I loved Tomorowland it was very refreshing to see something original come 
from Disney. If they start making more origonal movies like that they could 
be as good as the classics that they are trying to reboot."

disney 'Fck Off'

Never mind! It's Jon Favreau!

"I really hope there will be more jungle book merch because of this movie 
because there's literally nothing"

And trussssst in meh

This video was posted 6 hours ago

Who's the director of "Iron Man"? I totally want to know!!

"I realize something must be wrong with me....but it just doesn't interest 
me as much as I wanted it to."

So many nostalgic feels!!

"Disney.......you're awesome...First Star Wars now this? So uhh..when are 
you going to make us a new Labyrinth hmm?
We want a sequel to Legend, Labyrinth, Flash Gordon, Flight of The 
Navigator, and The Dark Crystal, get on that Disney :D"

"Ok, Disney...obviously you're sticking with making Kaa a villain (and after 
you turned Maleficent into Saint Maleficent the Archangel you really have 
no excuse for that)... So could you at least give Mowgli a bigger 
IQ/survival instinct than a lemming?"

Mega super excited to the max. :)

wonder how much subliminal shit will be in this.

 

"this was my favorite movie as a child don't fuck it up please!! i'm so 
excited!!!"

im gonna cry!! thats all!!! i can say!!

Its bad, i was honestly expecting a JOHNN CENA at the end..

"I may not have been a fan of the animated version, but this looks so much 
better.

I await the hate comments and the bulls(*censored*)t down below."

I have the weirdest boner right now.

RIP guy who voiced Balloo and Little John and the cat from Aristocats

"the whole concept of turning this into a live-action movie is a bit 
retarded, but it'll be fun to watch stoned. the visuals look amazing."

dem memories

why so serious?

I am so excited

Still a cartoon

Nice!!!!!!

"If they don't sing ""The Bear necessities"" will not watch.

That is all"

kh?

"Will it have the song ""bear necessities""? If not, I'm will be already be 
disappointed about the movie."

I only clicked here for the last 5 seconds of the video xD

Jon Favreau does it again.

"Ok that cast sounds fucking awesome. Not sure I'm convinced by the rest of 
it, with it being all dark and no songs and all that, but I'm sure I'll 
still watch"

Who else thinks this is practically TARZAN?

"This looks fucking awful. Did a child do the CGI? What the hell. Some 
twatbag from Disney got inspired by Life of Pi it seems. DISNEY, WHY DON'T 
YOU CONCENTRATE ON MAKING QUALITY NEW THINGS INSTEAD BUTCHERING OLD 
CLASSICS?!"

"Holy Jungle Cats Batman!!! These are the bare necessities I've been 
yearning for. Yes. Yes. Yes."

shivers...

This looks awesome! I really hope it's still a musical.

"I am pretty sure as a kid I watched the jungle book and the jungle book 2...

now where is the animated jungle book 3 movie ..

I mean this looks ok, but come on , I wanted jungle book 3 ...."

"I'm not even ashamed I just cried.. And I'm 19 years old , what can I do 
it's my childhood fav movie!!"

SWEEEETTTT!

"this looks like a fun movie. I grew up watching the animated version when I 
was a kid. Baloo whistling his song at the end was a nice touch"

This will be exciting, especially Scarlett Johanasson's performance of Kaa.

Welcome to the jungle!!! 

I gotta go see that!

Still wouldn't change it with the original one!

"Original cartoon version beats anything that uses CGI. So tired of computer 
effects in movies. It looks fake. Hand drawn animation at least has charm."

But where are the wolves?

last time i remeber it wasnt crap

"This movie is sexist because it basically perpetuates the old 
generalization that women are like snakes and cannot be trusted."

Gotta watch this IMAX 3D!

Damn I might go to see that, looks pretty epic

"The voice of the snake sounds terrible. It sounds like a vocalfried cunt 
from real housewives. No character at all!!"

MY BODY IS READY.

"This CGI looks extremely poor especially for disney standards. Looks more 
like an animated film rather than photorealistic cgi blended into live 
action. Disappointed. Scarlett just sounds like Scarlett line reading 
poorly rather than getting into character. Why not hire an actual actress 
that can emote and get into it? Ill stick to the superior animated films, 
both the Disney and Russian versions. Hell, I'll even take the 1994 live 
action version which at least used an actual jungle and animals."

Okay but what is a Grizzly bear doing in India?

Nostalgic hit me so hard, I got a concussion.

Ahhhhh!!!!! Oh my word!

Mogolie sitting on balo whistling bear necessities makes me very happy.

I dont know how i feel about this

y los lobos???

I love the ending clip!!! ha ha. So excited for this!

"I really like the idea of where they are going with this movie, with real 
looking animals, with the actor's voice (kind of like Aslan in Narnia). 
Definitely not something that I would have thought of, but it looks 
visually stunning, and that it will work!"

"If JJ Abrams had directed this he'd be telling everyone, ""That's not Sher 
Kahn, I swear!"""

Who's here because of Christina Perri?

"This doesn't look like a very fun movie. It seems more like a horror movie. 
This should've stayed animated"

"So, Kaa is a lady.I'm gonna, bet, Christopher, Walken does. Mowgli's 
voice,as, well."

"And the remake, we are out of ideas so lets just copy what we've already 
done fest continues. No thanks. I'll just pop in the original and enjoy 
that instead."

"Tears streaming down my face. I will be glued to the screen much like I was 
as a child."

Wow, that cgi looks pretty damn good.

looks fucking awesome;)

Kha? by a female actress?!?

Well. This is silly.

This Mowgli doesn't look Indian though :\

"am i the only one who thinks this looks aweful compared to the carton 
version? also: it doesnt look like a ""good mood"" movie suitable for kids.. 
but i'll wait for the real trailer before judging already ;) i hope it gets 
better than this :)"

mixed feelings

"Looks cool but what an annoying trailer with too many fades to black..over 
and over and over (and over)."

THIS IS AMAZING!!!!!

"If they pull their Marvel franchise fuckery with this I'm fucking done with 
Disney. 
Don't fuck up Kipling, Disney! You got me excited, now don't fuck it up!"

I really hope they don't screw this... BECAUSE IT LOOKS AWESOME!!!

At least this version of Kaa doesn't sound like Winnie the Pooh.

"Oh my GOD!!! Im so excited!
I'm ready to see ""The Jungle Book"" so I'll look for bare necessities! Yeah 
man!"

1:28 sounds like the song from Pirates of the Caribbean

"Wait, why is Kaa female all of a sudden? In the Jungle Book Kaa is male and 
one of Mowgli's mentors and friends. I thought that this time around they 
would use some sort of accuracy. I'm excited about the movie, but a little 
disappointed that they missed the mark with Kaa... again. :T"

This looks horrible.

They should make "Tarzan" like this! That would be awesome!

"Scarlett Johansson as Kaa? What was Angelina Jolie too busy voicing Shere 
Khan?"

1:02 That jumps shot was pretty sick! Well shot action.

eh, why not

yawn

This feel like pre-Life of Pi.

You have convinced me yet again Mickey, please, take more of my money.

Bear Necessities at the end = CHILLS!

"Hopefully we'll hear the unforgettable ""Bear Necessities"" song too (from 
the original 2d ""The Jungle Book""). Looks groovy and action filled (but 
bubbly songs too aww):D"

"OMG! mowgli!  I remember the jungle book! I read it a long long time ago! 
its a story abt a child lost in the forests of central india and brought up 
by the animals... especialy bhalu and bhageera!!  :) finaly a motion 
picture :D YAS!"

Hey big guy... Trusssssst in me

CHILDHOOD INSTANTLY IMPROVED.

Looks neat, but I kind of wish this movie was in color...

I want little mermaid already but I'll wait.

"i would've want an Aladdin live action remake but sadly Robin Williams is 
no longer with us to portray The Genie which would've been perfect...i hear 
Disney is doing a live action prequel though about Genies which idk how i 
feel about that."

wow

Awesome!!!!!

BILL FUCKING MURRAY

"Excited for this and Beauty and the Beast live action remakes ^_^

next should be The Hunchback of Notre Dame :)"

Please be good.

"The giant spooky carnivorous pedo snake still sounds like a white woman 
instead of a giant spooky carnivorous pedo snake."

Wow! My childhood y'all. This looks great!

"didnt like the cartoon version when i was little but this looks fucking 
awesome"

OMG

Why is king Loui that big he bigger than baloo lol

Welcome to the jungle, we've got fun and games

dont trust that snaky biatch and um u monkey king u fatso

This trailer took my breath away!

"Bagheera: ""I'm taking you to a man village.""
Mowgli: ""But why?""
Bagheera: ""Because Shere Khan has returned to this part of the jungle."""

Music by John Debny? Fail. There's still a Sherman Brother, y'know.

King Louie: "So you're the man cub, CRAZY."

I'm not quite sure if getting excited of this or scared.

jumping into water would be a stupid idea since tigers are great swimmers

Take my money!!!

I am so here for Scarlett Johansson as Kaa

I love the "simple bear necessities" whistle at the end lol.

"They are smart. All us late 80s and early 90s kids that were obsessed with 
the original Disney version have grown up and have money to spend... And 
I'll be first in line to give them my money "

No sign of Raksha and Father Wolf, though, unless I missed them.

They're.... gonna have the animals talk? The real-looking animals? Oh no.

scarlet Johanson should be working on CAPTAIN AMERICA CIVIL WAR

"YES! This looks just like a live action/CGI version of the animation, apart 
from King Louie (Haven't seen enough to say that wholeheartedly yet though, 
trailer just gave a weird impression). Scarlett Johansson as Kaa sounds 
great. I don't even need to hear the voices to know that Ben Kingsley as 
Bagheera will be great, same with Elba as Shere Khan and Walken as King 
Louie. I'm sceptical on Bill Murray as Baloo though, just doesn't seem like 
it'll work (Still, Haven't seen enough yet). If they nail the musical 
aspect I'm gonna feel like a little kid again, only viewing a more 
'Realistic' portrayal. Can't wait. Don't fail me Jon Favreau!!!"

"If there's' dancing I'm sold
Bear-necessities :)"

"Oh H**l...Scarlett Johansson's voice...One Sexy voice as Kaa....listen this 
with headphones..Guaranteed Shivers in your Spines!!! ..Oh the Shivers in 
my spine...

On Top oh that the Classic story, with childhood Nostalgia with 21st 
Century's Graphics...Yeah...I personally am smiling with nostalgic smile. 
XD cannot wait... darker version is coming later"

"Looks awesome but also looks like it would scare my kids, arent they the 
target audience?"

The line up ... the movie <3

The Dark Jungle Book ..

wow I must say I'm impressed so far

Sick! I cant believe thats all shot in a sound stage. I cant wait.

HOLY CRAP! IT ACTUALLY LOOKS EPIC!

I can't wait, soo much nostalgia has been awaken from this trailer!!

Oscar for best vfx easily

"Saw the original movie in the theatre as a kid, still have the book/record 
combo"

Definately can't wait to see it,excited VERY HIGH <33

At 1:37 whistling 'Bare Necessities"

Wheres the Jazz gone?

"Well, I'll say this, with the exception of Kaa, who by the way DOES NOT 
sound like Kaa at all, the voice cast sounds about as perfect as you can 
get. Still, having not heard anyone else, I'll need to see another trailer 
before I can properly decide whether or not to see it."

YEEEEEEEEEES... AN ACTUAL INDIAN.

"www.nope.nope/nope/noway
this better not ruin my childhood"

I came when I saw Christopher Walkens name pop up!

"This movie is going to be the best live-action movie EVER...I can already 
tell"

can't wait to see it.

nice

Dis look so gud

look good but it would be nice to see new ideas out of Hollywood

Dem graphics though......

"Looks awesome!!! Been nice to have seen Rudyard Kipling's name somewhere 
but I guess that's Disney for you. Doesn't help sell it I guess."

this looks great.

axe doe disney please dont ruin this

"I really hope this causes disney to re-release their 90's Rudyard Kipling's 
the Jungle Book that movie is a lot of fun. Also has actual animals, but 
buying the DVD off ebay is expensive! I'm kinda up in the air about whether 
this new film will be good..."

"I never thought I'd say this, but I'm more excited to hear Christopher 
Walken's voice more than Scarlett Johansson"

"What's with all the live action reboots Disney? The Jungle Book! Ooooh, so 
dark and brooooooding... The baaaaaaaare necessitiessss... I'm practically 
shaking in my boots from the sing-a-long intensities."

"I was interested but wondering if there be, then at the end 'The Bare 
Necessities' Boom! Instant sale."

"I'm so freaking excited for this!!!~ 
Love this!!!!"

OMG! BALOO! BILL MURRY! YEAH HOO! I CANT WAIT!

Wasn't Baloo supposed to be a Sloth Bear?

"the last shot made my day, Jungle Book ain't Jungle Book without ""The Bare 
Necessities"" song."

ahhhhh! cannot wait! marvelous, wonderful, magical stuffs

omg goosebumps

"This movie just looks amazing. Can't wait, but I liked the preview we got 
at D23 better."

"Oh my god, looks incredible and I'm meh about Jungle Book. Will see it in 
Imax."

holy shit that whistle at the end gave me chills. so much nostalgia

"At least it looks way better than that weird live action jungle book they 
did a while back! The animals look real with is good :)"

This just made me think of 'Her'

With Christopher on all fours, he would have to be Walken.

"The studio that brought you the Jungle Book, and The Jungle Book... Brings 
to life... The Jungle Book (with less life then their 1994 version)."



Looks absolutely gorgeous!

excellent movie trailer

"NO!!!!
Just no..."

At 1:37 I completely lost my shit. This looks so good.

"Ugh. Is it really necessary to turn a funny and light-hearted animation 
into another bland 'dark and gritty' live-action remake? Hopefully the film 
itself is better than this trailer."

just made me remember the old jungle book cartoon series..so cool

just made me remember the old jungle book cartoon series..so cool

looks pretty damn good imo.

"I'm surprised how much u liked this trailer. I knew I'd want to see this 
but the ending was just...just right. I feel the scale is larger than I 
anticipated but the visuals and aesthetic seem great. I did however get a 
bit of a Tarzan vibe seeing him run with so many animals hope the film can 
give a definitive difference between them."

"Look For The Bear Necessities The Simple Bear Necessities Forget about your 
worries and your strife..."

Looks amazing! Cant wait :)

"So Is Kaa going to be more like the Kipling version or the same old villain 
as in the 1967 movie?"

This is SO EPIC!. Jon Favreau is definitivly one of my favorite directors.

king Louie got huge like king Kong. is he suppose be like that?

"Christopher walkern as Shere Khan Idris Alba as Bagera. Bill Murray as 
Baloo it's obvious for that one idk about lupita tho"

Scarlett Johansson for the snake? What? And of course bill murray... No.

"1. I HAVE TO SEE THIS!!!!!!!!!! 2. THE SCENE I'VE ALWAYS WANTED IN JUNGLE 
BOOK IS FINALLY BEING REALISED, BAGHEERA VS SHERE KHAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
3. How big are these animals? Seriously they're gigantic."

"I do hope they Kaa wil be one of the good guys in this movie (like in the 
book) instead of being deafaulted to ""evil"" on account of being a snake."

"guys at collider movie talk be like no trailer is coming it's not ready yet 
well clearly they were wrong and this looks awesome !!!!"

Bagheera fighting Shere Khan I AM READY!

Since when was Kaa a girl?

"Disney is the only company that sells me on Bill Murray as a fucking bear. 
RESPECT"

"Remember the part when the bear dressed as a gorilla and danced? Hope they 
can pull that off in cg lol"

OMNFGJEASPOGJERPOA LUPITA

Ssssssscarlet Johanssssssssson issssss ssssssssuch a good actressssssss. :D

"1:03 when the teacher say you still have a few minutes of class left but 
you waiting at the door"

Holy crap! This actually looks like it could be a GOOD remake!

I have to see this when it comes out!

So that's how India looked like before Independence

HOLY BALLZ!!!!!

HOLY BALLZ!!!!!

It looks fucking Amazing! can't wait

the hype is real

Why the fuck has it to be so dark and serious? It's a tale for kids!

It looks cool! But the amount of CGI kind of bothers me.

Why didn't John Goodman play Baloo?

Yawn

1:00 cat fight.

hype

FINALLY a decent movie about Mowgli.!!!

The Bear Necessities whistle at the end gave me the chills.

Shere-Khan and Kaa... SOLD!

"This'll be an interesting... adaptation...
I use that word since re-make is not the correct term for this."

looks awesome!

"How is this a teaser..... this is a fucking trailer. Don't make them longer 
than this or you might ruin story elements. Marketing morons."

Imagine how epic this would be if animals won't talk!

"Even Scarlett Johansson is voicing Kaa, That Snake look too scary to hang 
out with.

I love how they handle CGI with Animal.

This one will my list of most anticipated movie of 2016"

This is awesome!!!

"Oh my god. I was slightly looking foward to this for the voice cast....now 
im fuckin pumped"

"Before trailer:
""Really these assholes made a live action movie of The Jungle Book! Where 
is the creativity, where is the magic, what has happened to Dis-""
After trailer:
""Why do I have to wait for this to come out, these asses, why must you 
torture me so, this looks freaking amazing!"""

"Scarlett Johansson might be the best character to play for the snake. so 
excited!!!!!"

Bagheera and Shere Khan fight each other in this one!

"Sounds like the James Bond theme as used in the Skyfall trailer is having 
trouble getting started.

And stop with the god damn overly dramatic loud noises/cuts to black and 
silence used in trailers. It's only been used in about 8900 movie trailers 
or so in the last three years, but get some creativity and stop imitating 
them."

i leaked a bit. can't wait!

"+hey12358y, mediocre CGI at best, is difficult and time consuming to 
create, much less great CGI, with it's expense, and literally hundreds of 
people working to create it! 

People think that just because it was made with a computer, that all that's"

It's cool, ok.. But the trailer had me at the Bare Necessities whistle...

"YES A ENTIRELY NEW GENERATION MUST SUFFER A FEAR OF SNAKES!! Also Scarlet 
Johansson as kaa is fucking terrifying and I do not want to go anywhere 
near it. BAD TOUCH BAD TOUCH"

aWFUL

I have put this on my to do list!!!

"Disney already made a live-action remake of the original cartoon. It's 
called ""The Jungle Book: Mogli's Story."" Why do they have to remake it 
AGAIN?"

Life of Pi + Steroids = This

"This looks like it's going to quite interesting. Although for me personally 
I don't Scarlett Johansson's voice works for Kaa, as much as I might other 
love her."

"You had me at Christopher Walken. 

Not my favorite Disney movie but with Favreau at the helm, I'm in."

stop disney, just, stop

Oh that actually looks good.

"Wow... I DEFINITELY must see this! The original is one of my all time 
favorites, and this one looks every bit as good. If Scarlett is anything to 
go by, I can't wait to hear all of these voices!"

this trailer was epicly made

That is really impressive...Great CGI.

My heart is swelling with too much nostalgia <3 :') I CAN'T WAIT!

"The trailer they showed us at D23 Expo was SOOOOO MUCH BETTER! This trailer 
makes it look like a generic action movie."

last scene: the whistling GET HYPE

TAKE MY MONEY! THE FEELS! OMG,can't wait ><

Ohhh that Bare Necessities ending though

The perfect diversion as we wait for the next Star Wars trailer.

Awesome!

A giant Christopher Walken...my expectations have risen.

WOooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow

When did King Louie become King Kong?

"Are the animals larger to convey the ""eyes of a child/grand adventure"" 
theme in this movie???"

"Every single one of my kids would be terrified by that trailer... #marketing
"

This looks like a Welcome to the Jungle version of Spider-man

"This looks incredible! Makes me wonder what the trailer will look like for 
the ""Pete's Dragon"" remake."

that hype,that memories,that tune....

"So it's in Disney tradition to remake every 2D animated movie that made 
them who they are today into a horrible cgi, EPIC adventure.
Yep, that worked well so far..."

"the cinema in 2016 is going to be filled with teens and older people 
because they're bringing these movies again! like(the incredibles , toy 
story 4, finding dory...!!)"

Chills..... can't wait to watch this one!

"Who was the voice of the serpent?...BAD.  Need to recast that. It doesn't 
work for me."

gotta admit this looks pretty awesome lol

I had hopes. But I'm sorry, it doesn't feel like "The Jungle Book" at all.

"Ok I hope the movie turns out as good as this trailer because this was 
BADAAASSSSS!!!!!!"

"the new kids will never understand that this sucks and the older versions 
were 10 x better"

Mowgli , Bagira, Baloo, Akdu Pakdu! Sherkhan! Radha

"I just watched this with my daughter and now she is crying from being 
scared!!!... This is not a for kids movie.  I won't be going to see this.  
The Jason Scott Lee JUNGLE BOOK was a great live action version of this 
film. This is not. So disappointed!!!!"

OMG I'M FANGIRLING SO HARD RIGHT KNOW!!!!!!! (I"M A 21 YEARS OLD MALE)

"really promising!! Sher Kahn should've been bigger?!! Maybe still looks 
ferocious...the last scene just kills it:D"

"live action jungle book huh? not really live action if 95% is cgi. however, 
this still does look interesting"

But... Um... Why Kaa became a "woman"? Is it Kaa at all?

"*le cries like a baby*


CIVIL WAR TRAILER AOWJENNEBQHDJDHWB"

that soundtrack/score... goosebumps !!!!!

R.I.P. Disney movies

Can't wait!

"WHAT IF THE LITTLE BOY IS TARZAN? OMG MY SKIN JUST EXPLODED FROM 
GOOSEBUMPS, I CANNOT WAIT UGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGH!"

Looking awesome

1:37 Aw that was so cute. :D

The ending scene....my CHILDHOOD! I love you Baloo :)

Those goosebumps tho...

Your FUCKING WITH MY FEELINGS DISNEY!!!! OMG

"Am I the only one who feels like this is completely misrepresenting the 
tone of the movie?"

Woah

"Just LOL. A fucking grim-dark adaptation of The Jungle Book. I cannot do 
anything but fucking laugh at the absurdity of this.


Hollywood Ideas status: Scraping the bottom."

meh

"Can't wait -- one of my favorite movies as a kid. Wish we could have heard 
some of the others talk like Baloo, Bageera or Louie. Also did anyone catch 
the vultures in the trailer? I may have missed them"

"If this turns out to be really good which I hope it does idk if I'm going 
to be interested in WB's Jungle Book a year later. But both have stellar 
voice casts and Serkis is a mo-cap guru so I'll probably end up seeing both 
but I imagine this is going to knock it out of the park and be another huge 
success for disney so we will see."

IDRIS ELBA? LUPITA? YASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS

Dat stock trailer music tho

"Jon Favreau does it again. Scarlett Johansson as the snake is perfect 
casting, only thing missing is Robert Downy Jr in the mix. This looks so 
great and the end tease was a brilliant flash back to the original"

Infinite Yassss

"I think it looks awesome no I wouldn't call it live action but it still 
looks amazing"

"From the guys who brought you pirates?? What about from the guys who 
brought you The original jungle book?"

"Bear Necessities whistle at the end was the only redeeming aspect. Did not 
like Scarlett as the snake at all; was not nearly as creepy as the original"

"I for one am much more happy that it's a darker tone. Disney caters to the 
pansy crowd too often. This is good."

"Disney must've forgot to mention ""...and the writer of Street Fighter: The 
Legend of Chun-Li"""

why is king louie king kong size?

"1:10 - 1:13 *epic music plays as it lists the stars of the movie* ME: ""Ooh 
yeah!!!""

1:15 ""and Christopher Walken"" ... ME (in Christopher Walken's voice): 
""D'ow..."""

please. stop. making. remakes. please.

DUNN! DUNN! DUNN! DUNN! DUNN! DUNN! give me a break

this shot is mesmerizing 0:39

Genderswapping Kaa is brilliant!

.... es como tarzan no? 

This looks so good, I can't wait.

"Holy fuck, Scarlett Johansson had me fooled up until the Kaa-reveal! Works 
so well for the character!"

"So this kid legit just acted by himself the whole time or was there some 
Andy Serkis mocap stuff going on?"

Omg Scarlette Johanson's voice in this is stunning!

Excitement level is at its highest right now, this movie will be awesome.

"Im so tired of hearing people complain about cgi all the time, the movie 
looks fantastic! While yes it would have looked cool if they had gone the 
force awakens route and used practical effects, this itself looks so 
realistic it's crazy this was all almost done on a green screen. If you 
don't like it, don't watch it. As simple as that "

"Today I am giving my middle finger to Disney who has made the cynical 
decision to remake ""The Jungle Book"" A THIRD TIME! Why? Why Disney why? How 
greedy are you sons of bitches? You already made a live action adaption of 
the 1967 animated film. The 1994 live action movie used terrific real world 
sets in the jungle and used real practical effects with live animals. Now 
this tripe of remake is overloaded with bad looking CGI animals and awful 
green screen jungle that its so obvious its fake. The 1994 movie has charm 
and action anyone would like, I doubt this new POS remake will be anything 
but a cash grab."

IM. SO. EXCITED. !!!!!!!!!

"This did one thing: convince that maybe Johansson wasn't right for the 
part. Putting in a few more SS's does not make you a competent snake."

I don't remember The Jungle Book being THIS SCARY AND INTENSE. 

"Kathleen Turner would have made a better sounding Kaa, or Angelina Jolie. 
My opinion"

Guess what:Gus is back bitch !!

"All I want is Christopher Walken singing ""I want to be like you"" and i'm 
happy."

"Nothing particularly wrong with he trailer but I have a feeling it's going 
to suck"

:O)

, -!

I wasn't so fond of this until Bare Necesseties played at the end.

Why is this called "live action" when most of it is CGI and green screen?

its to much,its to hard for Kids!

MEH.

Wait, where's Baloo?

*Very Good!!!.*

The whistle at the end is EVERYTHING.

Oh, that whistle!!!!!

This looks so so so so amazing !. I must see this !.

"#2Real questionz:#SorryWhatDoesBillMurrayDo? #WillKingOfTheJungleAppearOnOST
?cC@EmMurrary"

A partially live-action version? Hell yeah!

this is going to be fantastic!

"This looks absolutely stunning and its quite a departure from their last 
live action film, Cinderella. With Cinderella all bright and colourful, 
this film looks like its going in the opposite direction and I think its 
really exciting to see hows its going to contrast with the other live 
action films. Sure Maleficent was meant to be a dark adaptation of Sleeping 
Beauty but I think that this looks so much darker (which is exactly what I 
wanted). I felt that Maleficent just wasn't dark enough. I love how the 
music is haunting and then you hear Kaa say ""Trust in me"". Really Creepy.
Good Luck Disney with your future Live action Films!!!!!!
PS. Cant wait for the films release and Beauty and The Beast"

totally seeing this

I hope they didn't use real animals

"I AM SO PSYCHED FOR THIS!!! I can safely put this in my top ten most 
anticipated films for 2016!"

Beautiful trailer!

i hope it comes out with powerful ost like the circle of life Lion King

looks good

"I really dislike real-life Disney remakes, but this...this seems 
remarkable."

this looks amazing. can't wait. 

"Urgh...What the fuck is this?
What is disney's obsession with remaking their older films into everything 
they SHOULDN'T be?
making the Threatening and terrifying Maleficent into a a generic 'woman 
scorned' story.
making Cinderella into even MORE of a spectator in a story where she wasn't 
particularly active to begin with.
and now, making the subdued atmospheric, calm Jungle Book into a generic 
epic of CGI horseshit. 
I'm sorry, but this looks fucking terrible, no amount of overly epic music 
and CGI overlayers can change that."

"Seems a little dark for the kids this is targeted at? Guess the fun and 
laughs of the animated movie is to come. A no to ""Bear Necessities"" is not 
as good a the actual song, and Scarlett Johansson sounds sexy, not scary. 
Looks nice, but that doesn't mean much in the CGI era. Not so hard to get 
decent CGI. Need the script. Need the laughs. Need fun."

The whistle at the end gave me goosebumps

xD

"Why are the wolves not in this trailer?!? I would personally prefer 
watching the 1994 rendition with Lena Headey and Cary Elwes."

i see theyve rehashed the pirate of the carribean music again

Wait. Kaa is a girl? :O

"Clearly different from the Jason Scott Lee version.

(*also* released by Disney)"

Holy shit!! Goosebumps!!

...whoa

"eh, I think this is one of those movie you just can't reboot. It will 
always be best as a cartoon. It's not an action packed thriller type movie, 
and while I love Jon Favreau's work, this isn't Iron Man."

!  .  ! Glory To Ukraine!

CAN NOT WAIT.

this looks so epic!!!! I'm sooo excited!!!!

We need another trailer.

And ...the CGi... RUIN EVERYY THING.... old movie before come....sad

BILL FUCKING MURRAY!

oh my gosh oh my gosh this oh my gosh

The Jungle Book with steroids, I love it.

"didn't anyone grew up watching the animated version I'm so excited for this 
movie it looks amazing!"

Super dumper high!!!

Ah, childhood memories. Thanks Disney, just make it right.

WOOOOO

Can't wait for it!

I can't wait 

It doesn't look bad, but on the other hand: what is the point?? (moneyyyyy)

CGI looks great

The CGI Jungle Book, yay!

name of the song???????

Why u do this!?

looks next level and this is gonna make disney so much money!

Juro que llore, y mas con la parte final... y la naturaleza te lo da 

Je juste sais ca sera putain incroyable!! je ne peux pas attendre!!

Just wow. They did it right.....

Looks awesome...

I came a little.....

Second childhood mode: Activated!

just... wow !

OMG that final whistle gave me the chills...

"A little too much bad CGI. No way do I believe those are real animals. And 
they seem to be sticking to the plot of the original disney movie rather 
than the source material. Which I guess I have no problem with, but a fresh 
take would have been more interesting imo."

"The Dark Knight is my favourite movie for sure, but does anyone else feel 
like it may have fucked up movies forever? Everything has to be a dark, 
grim thriller now. Nonsense maybe... but im pretty sure the dark knight was 
the turning point."

"Loving the looks of it so far and I am IN LOVE with the voice cast. 
However, I believe that good voice actor incorporates a voice different 
than the one that film goers are familiar with. The only thing that I could 
picture when hearing ""Kaa speaking"" was Scar-Jo speaking into a microphone. 
Not too impressed with her performance in the trailer and hopefully they 
aren't through with production yet. Besides that, very excited to see how 
this unfolds."

Jessica est DESMAIADA!!!!!

Although I hope this is good... I can't help but feel like it's gonna flop.

"Woah... this could be really interesting, especially considering the 
all-star cast. And did you recognize the tune at the end?"

"I smiled like an idiot at the ""Bear Necessities"" whistling tune at the end 
of the trailer. Can't wait for this."

the 31 people that didnt like it clearly didnt have a childhood

"So is the kid CGI too or did they get some really athletic kid that doesn't 
play Xbox all day?"

"Once upon a time when movies have real animals and not crap and fake cgi
.This is even worse than jurassic world"

Idris is most probably the black panther

Auto-fellatio has never had so much CGI... good job disney. >_>

Hey wasnt benedict cumberbatch gonna voice sher khan?

that last seen sent shivers through me... i am such a dork^^

YEESSSS!!!

Definitely going to see in IMAX

WTF?! Bagheera and Kaa are male!

"From the look of some scenes it seems they have decided to follow the 
actual story more which i find pretty cool. 
Would've been cooler to follow the whole story though but beggars can't be 
choosers."

OH MYYY GOOOOOSHHHH.

Woah Epic

"I've been watching the animated Jungle book ever since I was three! I still 
have the VHS with me. I watched it everyday, and cry every time Baloo did. 
The last shot of the trailer was so nostalgic. Crossing my fingers here...

should've included an Indian actor in the voice cast though..."

"Is Mowgli very short? Or why those animals are immense?! Haha. Looks 
awesome, anyhow."

eeeem, WTF?!

Please next movie is Tarzan :)

That whistle at the end though.

"This can be either a decent movie or the biggest crap disney ever made. 
Hope will be the first option, time will tell."

Hory shet!

"I'm going to the midnight showing of this, regardless of whether I have 
school the next day."

Every kid on the planet will watch this

"O...MG. I totally started crying when I heard him whistling Bare 
Necessities. <3"

"Really hope Walken gets to sing ""I Wanna Be Like You""

Can't wait for this movie!"

Wow!

"finally a story about Richard Parker..i always wanted to know what happened 
to him after he abandoned Pi"

"As good as this trailer looks, I've got a bad feeling that this isn't going 
to turn out well. I could be wrong, but we'll see."

"Meh. I'm still waiting for ""The Little Mermaid: Movie"" and Lana 
Parrilla/Yvette Nicole Brown as Ursula"

I like that throwback "Bear Necessities" whistling at the end...nice touch.

Ahhhhhh!!!!!!!!

OMG!!!! CGI:THE MOVIE!!!

"Maybe the story will be good, but the way it's shot looks horrible. It 
reminded me Apocalypto."

Awesome

"Holy crap. Am I the only one who has goosebumps? It looks amazing. I can't 
wait."



"Sorry to say, but nothing special. Still, doesn't mean that the movie won't 
be good"

scarlett johansson rocking that GLaDOS voice.

I want TRON!

Will it be the same without ol' Rex?

"It's weird that it's basically 100% CGI, like CGI supposed to be in 
Transformers movie with real people in it. Might as well make a 3D cartoon 
that would bring kids in. Some of the CGI here looks awful especially the 
stripe tiger it looks like a moving collage."

This is actually going to be an awesome film, I'm so excited.

"As the dawn was breaking the Wolf-Pack yelled
Once, twice and again!
Feet in the jungle that leave no mark!
Eyes that can see in the dark -- the dark!
Tongue -- give tongue to it! Hark! O Hark!
Once, twice and again!"

...why is Kaa female?

"The hyped necessities of life will come to you!
They'll come to you!"

"If CGI bothers you that much, then make your own science fiction movie the 
way you want it. Go film on an actual alien planet. Build real star ships 
that can go into hyperspace, and invent cameras that can get shots of the 
ship flying through hyperspace. Hire real space alien actors and/or extras 
to act in your movie, and train real alien creatures for the monsters."

Wawwwoooo...Great job....

"Look for the bare necessities, the simple bare necessities...
just cannot wait..."

The CGI looks far better than Jurassic World.

MOTHER OF GOD O_O

LUPITAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

"Holy cow, this could actually be really good. I never would have guessed 
it but I like Scarlett Johannson as Ka."

Dat kaa tho XDD

"Aaand, just like that, ""Trust in me"" just became a whole lot scarier. Also, 
why is King Louie the size of King Kong?"

YES YES YES. All aboard the hype train to the jungle!

"I love how Bagheera is such a silent guardian for Mowgli since his infancy 
awwww <3"

Scarlett <3

I have to see this as soon as it comes out!!!!

I would totally trust snake as long as it has Scarlett Johansson voice.

"I'm not feeling Scarlett as Kaa, but maybe it will get better. Meryl Streep 
would have been perfect."

Woah that cgi has rocked my socks off..impressive

Go Ducks

YAASSSS!!!

Please make it like Cinderella and not like Maleficent!

OMG Can't wait for all the songs!

WOW

"So this is what everyone's talking about 
Holy shit this looks fantastic!!!"

I CANT WAIT!!!!

"Another old cartoon turned into a cgi-crapfest reboot, because apparently 
Disney can't have original ideas anymore."

     .

bill murray is baloo! sold!

good yup good good good good

If you need to use so much CGI you might as well not make the movie

Damnnn Scarlett Johanson be killing it

Welcome to the Under 301 club

Dat ending though

Excitement level: VERY VERY HIGH

"The family of wolves who adopted Mowgli as one of their own will be so cute 
like imagine Mowgli playing with his brothers, the pups and all! I'll die 
from their cuteness AHHHHH HELP MEEE!!!"

Omfg this looks good

Wow ghat looks quite dark but I love it <3

"Was extremely disappointed until the whistling at the end. The ONLY reason 
why any of my family is excited is for the musical portion. If that's 
snubbed then I'll wait for the DVD release unfortunately. The animated 
movie is my step father's favorite film of like all time, so if there's no 
Bare Necessities section it'll be a no go for him.

Yes I get that the CG is absolutely phenomenal!"

Funny thing... there aren't any Grizzlies in India.

OMG THIS LOOKS SO GOOD

The Bare Necessities at the end, oh god

"as someone who grew up watchin jungle book on vcr everyday,im so fuckin 
excited.

looks intense and epic as fuck.great cast.

dont u fuck me favreau,my nipples r tingly for this movie i didnt even knew 
existed."

"This looks absolutely gorgeous. I kept thinking it was a Tarzan live action 
movie."

Visually this film looks stunning!

"At first I was thinking, I'm so done with Disney's live action version of 
every single classic animated movie. But this one actually looks good."

"Scarlett Johannson has been stepping up her voice acting game the past 
couple years."

Lupita ! OMG ! BEAUTIFUL !!

Those casts though...

Omfg !! I'm excited

Plz tell me they're gonna put in the singing

Dislike for no reason........

damn this looks amazing visually

"Was hesitant but once I heard that whistle at the end when they were in the 
water I got a little more excited for the movie! Ahah. Definitely was 
expecting more dialogue, at least simple dialogue."

"Finally a decent looking dissney live action film that will hopefully be 
better then tomorrow land, the lone ranger and john carter."

"Something tells me this King Louie isn't one for breaking out into dancing 
and singing or having fun. He was a minor nuisance in the animated film, 
but he wasn't a monster! I never thought I'd say this, but the King Louie 
from the 90s live action Jungle Book was closer in spirit to his animated 
counterpart than this!

And yes, I'm more than willing to wait until the film is released and see 
how the entire cast fare. I'm more cautiously optimistic at this point 
because everything else looks absolutely remarkable!"

"Scarlett Johnanson as Kaa? Now this will be interesting. Teaser looks 
amazing."

So Civil war trailer when?

"What the fuck!?

That sounds like Black Widow"

17

Can't wait to check this out ... Looks amazeballs

"The better of the two that are coming out.
Thrilling! Can't wait~"

"WOW. That looks great. Pretty perfect trailer. In introduces the spectacle, 
mystery, adventure and danger, then the splash of humor and nostalgia at 
the very end. Great!"

King Louie was HUGE!! Geez....

Cara, que perfeio.

"This looks so gorgeous ! I can't wait to watch this movie in April and I 
think I'm gonna like ScarJo as Kaa !"

I wanted to hear more voices!

This is looking very decent

Looks good but really underwhelming. Scarlett's voice is sex though.

The Bare Necessities part! I almost cried because of nostalgia.

not feeling Scarlett's voice for the snake

wow that looks great was kinda worried

"Trrrusssst in meeee.... juuuuuusst in meeee! Shut your eyessss, and trussst 
in meeee! (hold still please)"

so excited

Awesome!

Great

"This looks good...but where is my Lion King Life Action Movie! Make it 
happen :D Get Jeremy again to play Scar!"
